


She Should Just Go Away
Filed under: Icky Icky Poo > Ann Coulter

Conservative commentator Mann Coulter has moved on from offending the
gays. Now she's moved on to the Jews!

If you're gay and Jewish, you might as well die in her book.

Appearing on Donny Deutsch's CNBC show The Big Idea, Coulter said that
all Jews should convert to Christianity because Christians are better.

She also said a ton of other ridiculous shit.

Do the Republicans even like her???

DEUTSCH: Let me ask you a question. We're going to get off strengths
and weakness for a second. If you had your way, and all of your -
forget that any of them -

COULTER: I like this.

DEUTSCH: - are calculated marketing teases, and your dreams, which are
genuine, came true having to do with immigration, having to do with
women's - with abortion - what would this country look like?

COULTER: UMMMMM (pause) ... It would look like New York City during the
Republican National Convention. In fact, that's what I think heaven is
going to look like.

DEUTSCH: And what did that look like?

COULTER: Happy, joyful Republicans in the greatest city in the world.

DEUTSCH: No, no, no, no, but I'm talking about this country. You don't
want to make this country - it's not about Republicans. I'm saying,
what would the fabric of this country look like? Forget that the
Republicans would be running the show.

COULTER: Well, everyone would root for America, the Democratic Party
would look like Joe Lieberman, the Republican Party would look like
Duncan Hunter -

DEUTSCH: No, no, no, I don't want - I'm not talking about politically
the landscape. What would our - would we be safer? Would people be
happier? Would they be more -

COULTER: We would be a lot safer.

DEUTSCH: Would there be more tolerance? Would there be - would women
be happier, would the races get along better? The Ann Coulter
subscription - prescription. What - tell me what would be different in
our fabric of country, because -

COULTER: Well, all of those things.

DEUTSCH: I can give - I can give you an argument there would be more
divisiveness, that there would be more hate -

COULTER: Oh, no.

DEUTSCH: That there would be a bigger difference between the rich and
the poor, a lot of other - tell me what - why this would be a better
world? Let's give you - I'm going to give you - say this is your show.

COULTER: Well, OK, take the Republican National Convention. People
were happy. They're Christian. They're tolerant. They defend America,
they -

DEUTSCH: Christian - so we should be Christian? It would be better if
we were all Christian?

COULTER: Yes.

DEUTSCH: We should all be Christian?

COULTER: Yes. Would you like to come to church with me, Donny?

DEUTSCH: So I should not be a Jew, I should be a Christian, and this
would be a better place?

COULTER: Well, you could be a practicing Jew, but you're not.

DEUTSCH: I actually am. That's not true. I really am. But - so we
would be better if we were - if people - if there were no Jews, no
Buddhists -

COULTER: Whenever I'm harangued by -

DEUTSCH: - in this country? You can't believe that.

COULTER: - you know, liberals on diversity -

DEUTSCH: Here you go again.

COULTER: No, it's true. I give all of these speeches at megachurches
across America, and the one thing that's really striking about it is
how utterly, completely diverse they are, and completely unself-
consciously. You walk past a mixed-race couple in New York, and it's
like they have a chip on their shoulder. They're just waiting for
somebody to say something, as if anybody would. And -

DEUTSCH: I don't agree with that. I don't agree with that at all.
Maybe you have the chip looking at them. I see a lot of interracial
couples, and I don't see any more or less chips there either way.
That's erroneous.

COULTER: No. In fact, there was an entire "Seinfeld" episode about
Elaine and her boyfriend dating because they wanted to be a mixed-race
couple, so you're lying.

DEUTSCH: Oh, because of some "Seinfeld" episode? OK.

COULTER: But yeah, I think that's reflective of what's going on in the
culture, but it is completely striking that at these huge megachurches
- the idea that, you know, the more Christian you are, the less
tolerant you would be is preposterous.

DEUTSCH: That isn't what I said, but you said I should not - we should
just throw Judaism away and we should all be Christians, then, or -

COULTER: Yeah.

DEUTSCH: Really?

COULTER: Well, it's a lot easier. It's kind of a fast track.

DEUTSCH: Really?

COULTER: Yeah. You have to obey.

DEUTSCH: You can't possibly believe that.

COULTER: Yes.

DEUTSCH: You can't possibly - you're too educated, you can't - you're
like my friend in -

COULTER: Do you know what Christianity is? We believe your religion,
but you have to obey.

DEUTSCH: No, no, no, but I mean -

COULTER: We have the fast-track program.

DEUTSCH: Why don't I put you with the head of Iran? I mean, come on.
You can't believe that.

COULTER: The head of Iran is not a Christian.

DEUTSCH: No, but in fact, "Let's wipe Israel" -

COULTER: I don't know if you've been paying attention.

DEUTSCH: "Let's wipe Israel off the earth." I mean, what, no Jews?

COULTER: No, we think - we just want Jews to be perfected, as they
say.

DEUTSCH: Wow, you didn't really say that, did you?

COULTER: Yes. That is what Christianity is. We believe the Old
Testament, but ours is more like Federal Express. You have to obey
laws. We know we're all sinners -

DEUTSCH: In my old days, I would have argued - when you say something
absurd like that, there's no -

COULTER: What's absurd?

DEUTSCH: Jews are going to be perfected. I'm going to go off and try
to perfect myself -

COULTER: Well, that's what the New Testament says.

DEUTSCH: Ann Coulter, author of "If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd
Be Republicans," and if Ann Coulter had any brains, she would not say
Jews need to be perfected. I'm offended by that personally. And we'll
have more "Big Idea" when we come back.

(BREAK)

DEUTSCH: Welcome back to "The Big Idea." During the break, Ann said
she wanted to explain her last comment. So I'm going to give her a
chance. So you don't think that was offensive?

COULTER: No. I'm sorry. It is not intended to be. I don't think you
should take it that way, but that is what Christians consider
themselves: perfected Jews. We believe the Old Testament. As you know
from the Old Testament, God was constantly getting fed up with humans
for not being able to, you know, live up to all the laws. What
Christians believe - this is just a statement of what the New
Testament is - is that that's why Christ came and died for our sins.
Christians believe the Old Testament. You don't believe our testament.

DEUTSCH: You said - your exact words were, "Jews need to be
perfected." Those are the words out of your mouth.

COULTER: No, I'm saying that's what a Christian is.

DEUTSCH: But that's what you said - don't you see how hateful, how
anti-Semitic -

COULTER: No!

DEUTSCH: How do you not see? You're an educated woman. How do you not
see that?

COULTER: That isn't hateful at all.

DEUTSCH: But that's even a scarier thought. OK -

COULTER: No, no, no, no, no. I don't want you being offended by this.
This is what Christians consider themselves, because our testament is
the continuation of your testament. You know that. So we think Jews go
to heaven. I mean (Jerry) Falwell himself said that, but you have to
follow laws. Ours is "Christ died for our sins." We consider ourselves
perfected Christians. For me to say that for you to become a Christian
is to become a perfected Christian is not offensive at all.

DEUTSCH: We will let the audience decide then, won't we? Ann Coulter.
New book. More "Big Idea" straight ahead.
