


Author Hunter Davies once said that if you write for a living then
you should be able to produce copy on any subject whatsoever.

He was correct of course, as you are constantly on the look out for
the slightest inspiration or observation that could possibly be
turned into a 600 word-plus article.

And it was that very notion that inspired today's column.

It started when following a lorry load of brand new ladders up the
motorway. For whatever reason, my mind clicked into gear and thought
- ladders, decorators, Forbes Phillipson-Masters.

Suddenly I was thinking of the ready made half-back line of that name
as City, not once, but twice signed the defender with 'three names'

The Bournemouth-born player had been an apprentice with Southampton,
going on to make nine league appearances for them, his debut being
against Bristol Rovers at their old Eastville ground in April 1977.

However, before that, and with regular appearances in the Saints
reserves team, he got the opportunity to move to Exeter City on loan
in September 1976.

With centre-half and player-manager Bobby Saxton injured, the City
boss moved to sign Phillipson-Masters on loan.

He was to feature in six league matches during his stay at St James's
Park, thus playing a small part in what was to become a promotion
season for the Grecians, although at that time you would not have
thought City would go on and achieve that.

Phillipson-Masters made a successful debut in red and white when
lining up in a 2-0 home win over Scunthorpe United, both goals being
netted by Alan Beer.

After he returned to the Dell, he broke into the Saints first team,
but was off on loan again the following season, firstly to his home
town club AFC Bournemouth, where he played seven games, scoring two
goals.

Then in March 1979, he had a further loan spell, this time with Luton
Town, before returning to Devon and signing for Plymouth Argyle in
August 1979. His career really took off at Home Park, adding a
further 119 league appearances to his career total.

Next stop was Bristol City, whom he signed for in November 1982, and
again he became a regular first team member, with another 94 outings
and four goals.

However, in March 1985, six-and-half years after he was last on the
books at St James' Park, he returned for a second loan spell with the
Grecians.

By that time City were in the old Fourth Division and not enjoying
the best of seasons, languishing in the bottom half. It wasn't such a
happy Exeter debut second time around, as Phillipson-Masters was in
the team that lost 1-0 to Chesterfield.

Nevertheless he did go on and score his one and only goal for the
Grecians as City recorded a 3-2 victory at Halifax Town three weeks
later.

After seven league appearances, scoring the one goal, he was back at
Bristol City, where he remained until the end of the season before
being given a free transfer.

The Guardian newspaper reckoned that, along with former Chelsea
player Peter Rhodes-Brown, the name of Forbes Phillipson-Masters was
the poshest in football during the 1970s!

And BBC commentator Barry Davies, on seeing Phillipson-Masters booked
in a game said: "With a name like he has, he should really have known
better."

I should end by explaining that the link between ladders, decorating
and Forbes Phillipson-Masters was that he did indeed become a
decorator back in his North Somerset home. My brain and mind work in
mysterious ways.
