


AnimalVoicesNews

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~>
Source/Letters:   AlterNet  <info @ alternet.org> (close spaces)
Comments at Link: www.alternet.org/environment/80508/

What the Government Doesn't Want
You To Know About Global Warming
By Amy Goodman, Democracy Now!
Posted on March 24, 2008, Printed on March 28, 2008

JUAN GONZALEZ: Dr. James Hansen is widely regarded as the leading climate
change scientist in the country. It was his testimony to a Senate committee
in 1988 that first brought the threat of global warming to the world's
attention. For the past quarter of a century he has headed the Goddard
Institute for Space Studies, NASA's premiere climate research center.

Just over a year ago, Dr. Hansen went public with a charge that made
headlines around the world, that the Bush administration had been trying to
silence his warnings about the urgent need to address climate change.

AMY GOODMAN: You may have heard Dr. James Hansen mentioned before on
Democracy Now! His name has been cited by many guests on the show.

JOHN PASSACANTANDO: This government, at the behest of its oil company
contributors, has been told not to put out information about global warming,
not to allow the scientists to talk about their expertise with the press,
about the connection between global warming and hurricanes. That happened at
NOAA. There's been pressure on Dr. James Hansen at NASA.

PAUL EHRLICH: I think it's true that attitudes have changed slightly in the
White House, because they now see a political issue, but they have worked
very, very hard to suppress the science on global warming. For instance,
they sent some junior jerk to try and keep Jim Hansen, who's one of our very
top climate scientists, from saying what he thought.

CHRIS MOONEY: Apparently, a NASA aide was instructed to interfere with
Hansen's ability to do press interviews. Actually, this completely
backfired, because Hansen is not someone to be told to be quiet. And so, he
just went to the media anyway, and it ended up exploding.

TIM FLANNERY: Can you imagine what it would be like for one of the world's
leading scientists, who is revered by everyone, to have this pipsqueak who
lied about his credentials controlling what he tells the public? Just
appalling. And, you know, the countries around the world would -- I don't
know what they'd pay to have the advice of a Jim Hansen. It's the sort of
stuff we all desperately need. And here, in a country that actually pays him
a salary and allows him to do his work, he is silenced. I mean, I honestly
cannot see the sense of that. I can't see who benefits.

AMY GOODMAN: That last speaker was acclaimed Australian scientist and writer
Tim Flannery. Well, today, Dr. James Hansen himself joins us in our
firehouse studio. His story of how the Bush administration tried to silence
his warnings on climate change is detailed in a new book. It's called
Censoring Science: Inside the Political Attack on Dr. James Hansen and the
Truth of Global Warming. It's written by author Mark Bowen. He joins us from
a studio in Watertown, Massachusetts.

We welcome you both to Democracy Now! Dr. Hansen, 1988, talk about the
significance of that time.

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, I think it had become clear that the climate was
changing and that human-made greenhouse gases were a reason for the
long-term trend in the climate. And I just wanted to draw that to the
attention of the public, because we really need to do something before the
climate change becomes large, just because of the inertia of the system. If
we wait until the climate change is large, then it's too late to stop it
from happening.

AMY GOODMAN: So, what did you do twenty years ago?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, I just reported that the world at that time was
getting warmer, and I expected 1988 to be the warmest year in the period of
instrumental record, which it did turn out to be, and that humans were
primarily the reason for this long-term warming trend.

JUAN GONZALEZ: And, of course, that was twenty years ago, and while the Bush
administration has gotten a lot of attention for its failure to heed any
kinds of warnings, there was another administration before that, the Clinton
administration, as well. And I think Bowen talks in the book about some
problems that you had with Al Gore and -- could you talk about how the
Clinton administration reacted to some of the warnings you raised?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, my concern is general with both Republican and
Democratic administrations. They both feel that they can control what
scientists say to the public. So their offices of public affairs in the
science agencies are headed, in general, by political appointees, and they
review the press releases before they go out. So, it doesn't really make
sense in a democracy. The public should be honestly informed. And then, of
course, the publications are allowed to make the decisions, and they don't
have to follow exactly what the science says. There are other considerations
that they have. But they shouldn't influence what is presented, the
scientific evidence. And I object to that, regardless of which
administration is in power.

AMY GOODMAN: So, before we go on to the Bush administration, where you did
have the most trouble, can you talk about what happened during the Clinton
years and how you were able to express or not your research?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, the one particular event that stands out in my mind
is when I wrote a paper called "Global Warming in the 21st Century: An
Alternative Scenario," in which I emphasized that it's not only carbon
dioxide, but other climate forcings -- methane and black soot -- and we need
to address those also. And for some reason, the people in the White House
didn't like emphasis on the non-CO2 parts of the story, and I just -- the
press release just kept coming back, and I would try to change it, they
would change it, and finally I gave up. I just couldn't get a press release
through the way I wanted it.

JUAN GONZALEZ: So, in essence, in these kinds of press releases, there's a
back-and-forth, as the White House or the environmental people at the White
House --

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Yeah.

JUAN GONZALEZ: -- edit your press releases?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Yeah. And that's another strange thing, because they don't
even admit that it's going to the White House. You know, it goes to NASA
headquarters, and then it sort of disappears for a couple weeks. And where
is it? Well, it's very often at the White House, and I mentioned that. And
now, they tried not to make that known, you know? And that's, again,
something that's very inappropriate, in my opinion. And again, it's happened
in both administrations.

AMY GOODMAN: So let's talk about what happened when the Bush administration
came in. You were continuing to do your research. First of all, explain your
place of work and the significance of NASA Goddard.

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, NASA is important, I think, because of the global
observations that we make from satellites. We see what's happening, for
example, on Greenland and then West Antarctica. My laboratory is also
involved in the global models that try to interpret what's happening. And
we're also located at Columbia University, where we have the opportunity to
work with people who have the data from the history of the earth over
thousands and millions of years. You put together these different things --
the satellite information, the information on how the earth responded in the
past when greenhouse gases changed and other things changed, and the models
-- and then you get a picture of how the system works.

And that's what really concerns me, because it's the inertia of the system
which tells us we're already pushing it, so that it's going to respond more
over the next several decades. There's a lot more climate response which is
already in the pipeline, that we haven't seen it yet, and that's why we have
to have an understanding of what's happening, so we can take the actions now
before it's too late.

JUAN GONZALEZ: Of course, the speech of yours that got even more attention
was then in December of '97 -- was it? -- when you also then raised again
the sense that you were -- not only that the planet was reaching the tipping
level in terms of the dangers of greenhouse emissions, but also, shortly
afterwards, you started getting the articles appearing in the New York Times
and other places about the direct attempts by the government to silence you.

DR. JAMES HANSEN: 1997 -- I think you mean --

JUAN GONZALEZ: I'm sorry, 2007.

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Yeah, 2006, I believe. I gave a speech in December of 2005
at the American Geophysical Union meeting, in which I tried to connect the
dots. And the dots extend all the way to the role of special interests in
confusing the public, you know, in not allowing straight scientific
discussion of what's happening and what's causing it.

And, of course, the main problem is fossil fuel use. And the truth is, we
cannot put all of the fossil fuel -- the carbon dioxide from all the fossil
fuels back into the atmosphere without creating a completely different
planet. The last time that carbon dioxide was in the atmosphere, there was
no ice on the planet. It was a completely different planet. And we have to
realize we either are going to have to leave a lot of the fossil fuels in
the ground, or else we're going to have to capture the carbon dioxide when
the fossil fuels are burned. And that just is not well understood, and the
fossil fuel companies would rather that you didn't understand that.

AMY GOODMAN: Who are those special interests, those fossil fuel companies
that you're talking about?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, it's --

AMY GOODMAN: How do they stop the conversation?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, it's the coal industry, and it's also the oil
industry. And they -- you know, they put out disinformation, they fund a
small number of scientists, and they expect the media to give you a balanced
story. And by "balanced," they mean that the scientists are saying that
something's happening, it would have to balanced by someone saying, "Oh,
this is just natural." You know, and even though the story has become very
clear -- you know, it's 99.99 percent certain that humans are influencing
the climate -- but still, they make the story appear much less certain than
it is, and therefore, why should we take actions as long as it's uncertain?

AMY GOODMAN: Mark, well, thank you very much for joining us from
Massachusetts. Why did you choose to take this on as the topic of your book?

MARK BOWEN: Well, actually, I was going to write a -- I was hoping to write
a book about Jim, anyway, back in 2005, back in the fall of 2005. I was
actually talking to an editor about doing that, and -- because he's been the
person who has explained why the climate is changing now for about thirty
years. He played a big role in the first book I wrote called Thin Ice. And
so, I was just kind of amazed when all of a sudden he made the headlines
there in the New York Times at the end of January 2006. And I actually
waited about a month because of a funny kind of arrangement I had with my
editor where he was supposed to contact Jim first, but then, at the end of
February, I called Jim and sent him an email, and he responded within, it
turns out, about twenty minutes and said, "Sure, let's do it." And so, I've
been trying to keep up with him basically now for about two years, as I
tried to write this book, as he continued to just move along at this
breakneck pace you see.

JUAN GONZALEZ: And in your book, you talk quite a bit about what was going
on in the Bush administration in reaction to Dr. Hansen's statements and
viewpoints. In some of the clips that we ran, people kept referring to this
young "pipsqueak" or this political appointee. Talk about Michael Deutsch
[sic], the young man right out of college, and his efforts to muzzle Dr.
Hansen.

MARK BOWEN: OK, his name is George Deutsch.

JUAN GONZALEZ: I'm sorry. George Deutsch, yes.

MARK BOWEN: He was a twenty-four-year-old political appointee. He was in an
unusually senior position for a person of his experience or lack of
experience. He had come straight from the Bush-Cheney war room for the
reelection campaign. As it turned out, he had neglected to graduate from
college, although he had put that on his resume. And according to the person
who hired him for this post, he told her also that he had graduated from
college, point blank.

But it's not really true to say that he was the person who squelched Jim
Hansen. He was acting clearly on orders from the top two or at least the
second-in-command of public affairs at NASA at the time, a fellow named Dean
Acosta, who is the assistant -- I don't know, they have complicated names --
assistant -- deputy assistant administrator for public affairs. And Mr.
Deutsch -- Mr. Acosta was working in concert with people from the Council on
Environmental Quality and the Office of Science and Technology Policy within
the White House.

The way that it played out, because they were so cunning about doing it, was
that all the standard media outlets could pin it on was this young man. The
New York Times, for instance, left it at that. And so, in my book, I go into
fairly complete detail about exactly what was going on, because they were
very consciously not leaving a paper trail, telling people not to send
emails on this issue, and trying to keep it all -- they would often -- they
would hold meetings where there would be generally two senior political
appointees and one career NASA person, so there would be no witnesses at the
NASA person's level. And then that person would be told not to put anything
in writing and not to send emails about it, only to communicate by telephone
and voice or in meetings. But this George Deutsch, unfortunately, he was
kind of young and inexperienced, and he did leave an email trail, and that
was part of the reason that the New York Times even printed the story, was
because there was at least some evidence of a documentary sort. It's not
true that it was just George Deutsch doing it.

AMY GOODMAN: So here was this young man, George Deutsch, who you had to go
through, you had to get approval for to do your interviews with the public,
with reporters; is that right, Dr. Hansen?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, yeah, after my talk at AGU, I was told that I had to
have prior approval to speak to the media. And for a few days, I followed
that procedure, and they did disallow me to speak to National Public Radio,
for example, and they sent a substitute instead of me. And then NPR decided
they didn't want to do the interview. And there were a couple of other cases
like that. But then I decided I wasn't going to let this continue in the
long run, and so that was when I contacted other media and Andy Revkin wrote
an article for the New York Times.

AMY GOODMAN: Well, Dr. Hansen, last year you testified at a hearing of the
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Also called to testify was
James Connaughton, the chair of the White House Council on Environmental
Quality. This is some of what Connaughton had to say.

JAMES CONNAUGHTON: Well, I want to start, as I indicated, of having the
highest personal regard and professional regard for Dr. Hansen and his work.
My son and I were just watching him on TV last night on the History Channel.

Congressmen, senior administration officials, highly accomplished senior
scientists, we all chafe at having to talk to our public affairs people, but
the public affairs people are there for a reason. They're there to organize
and be sure that what we are saying is official government policy, is
understood, and that the people who might have to then respond to those
statements can effectively do so. I mean, this is a process that's been with
us for a long, long time, and it works well. Now, we all chafe from it. I
can understand Dr. Hansen especially chafing if it comes from someone
relatively young and inexperienced. But the policy of public affairs is a
very important one.

Now, I would note that I am not aware of any instance where any scientist in
pursuing their science, of any scientist in seeking peer review of their
science, was in any way controlled, handled or otherwise managed in their
scientific work. I mean, from what I see all over the world and with people
coming to me, scientists come and speak their mind to me, they come and
speak their mind to you. What we're talking about is a science policy
interface, and that has significant implications that require some level of
management.

AMY GOODMAN: Prior to his confirmation as chair of the White House Council
on Environmental Quality, Connaughton worked as a lobbyist for the mining,
chemical and utilities industries. Dr. James Hansen, respond to what he has
to say.

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, the point is that scientists should be able to give
the results of their science. And this -- both in the case of testimony to
Congress and in science that is presented to the public through the media,
it makes no sense that it should be censored by the White House before the
scientist is able to speak. I mean, what is the rationale by which the White
House can review and change testimony to Congress before it's given? I mean,
that's -- there's no rationale. And our democracy assumes that the public
and Congress is well informed.

The story that I was told when I was asked, why do I have to have my
testimony reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget in the White House
before it's given to Congress, and they said, "Well, your testimony needs to
be consistent with the President's budget." I mean, it doesn't make sense.

JUAN GONZALEZ: Mark Bowen, I'd like to ask you, in that clip we had of James
Connaughton, he was also -- the White House Council on Environmental
Quality, his staff particularly, were the ones who also edited immediately
after the 9/11 attacks the press releases from the EPA about the health and
safety situation that the public was exposed to, and an IG report later made
clear that the White House had downplayed inappropriately the health risks
that people faced. In your research on Dr. Hansen, to what degree is this a
widespread practice throughout the Bush administration, in terms of how they
deal with science and the putting out of science information to the public?

MARK BOWEN: It's everywhere. It's all over the place. Right after Jim went
public there in late January, there was a meeting of the American
Association for the Advancement of Science in San Francisco, and the Union
of Concerned Scientists organized a little side meeting, which was
completely filled, just overflowing with scientists from all over the
government, telling similar incidents.

And at that meeting, David Baltimore, who was the -- well, he was
president-elect of the association at the time, he said that he wasn't
surprised. Every time he heard a new incident, he wasn't surprised to hear
it. He said it was the result of a theory of government, and he was talking,
of course, about this kind of imperial presidency, the unitary executive,
that sort of thing. And I have -- there's a chapter of the book entitled "A
Theory of Government that We Must Vociferously Oppose." That's a quote from
David Baltimore's speech.

We don't -- it would be boring to go into the litany of public agencies,
everything from the Fish and Wildlife Service to the EPA to the FDA, that
have experienced similar control of scientific information.

AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to turn to Philip Cooney, the former chief of staff at
the White House Council on Environmental Quality. He also testified at that
House hearing last year. He was questioned by Representative Henry Waxman,
the chair of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee.

REP. HENRY WAXMAN: Mr. Cooney, you had a senior position at the White House,
but there were officials in the White House who were more senior to you.
Your immediate boss was James Connaughton, chairman of the White House
Council on Environmental Quality. Was Mr. Connaughton aware of your role in
proposed edits for climate change reports?

PHILIP COONEY: He knew that we were reviewing reports as they came in
ordinarily from OMB for review.

REP. HENRY WAXMAN: Did he personally review your edits?

PHILIP COONEY: No, not most --

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Chairman.

REP. HENRY WAXMAN: Did you discuss --

UNIDENTIFIED: Mr. Chairman, his boss is behind him and is available.

REP. HENRY WAXMAN: Yeah, excuse me, but I have the time. I didn't interrupt
you. I waited 'til you were finished, then I interrupted you. Did you
discuss the edits with him?

PHILIP COONEY: No, not ordinarily.

REP. HENRY WAXMAN: Did he give you any instructions about how any of these
three documents should be edited?

PHILIP COONEY: No. He understood that my objective was to align these
communications with the administration's stated policy.

AMY GOODMAN: Philip Cooney had come from the American Petroleum Institute,
worked at the White House until 2005, and then left to return to a familiar
haunt, taking a job as a corporate issues manager with Exxon Mobil.

Mark Bowen, talk about the email trail and the documentation you have of
Philip Cooney, of James Connaughton, of how the White House censored the
reports.

MARK BOWEN: Well, first of all, it's very clear that James Connaughton was
playing a very definite role in editing those reports. His name is all over
it. Even Karl Rove is involved at one point.

AMY GOODMAN: How?

MARK BOWEN: Not so much in the report, but in -- actually it was in -- early
on, I think it was -- well, when Christie Whitman was still the
administrator of EPA, she was very embattled, because she was actually in
favor of doing something about global warming. It became known -- and this
is what caused Philip Cooney to lose his job -- it became known that the
CEQ, Council on Environmental Quality, was editing a climate subsection of a
report on the environment by EPA. When that went public, a disgruntled EPA
employee brought it public, there was, of course, a major response by the
White House. It was at that time that Karl Rove became involved, actually,
and encouraged and helped Philip Cooney figure out how to respond to the
media.

But, yeah, the email trail is quite clear that not only was Philip Cooney,
James Connaughton -- there was a fellow named William O'Donovan [Kevin
O'Donovan], I think he was. He was a special assistant to the Vice President
on domestic policy, who also left the government to go work for Shell
shortly thereafter, who was involved. And they were exchanging emails on a
regular basis with people from Exxon Mobil, from the Competitive Enterprise
Institute, and so on and so forth, in which they were -- you know, they were
kind of these funny, joking emails in which they were poking fun, calling
people names, including calling Jim Hansen names, and figuring out responses
to these discomfiting things that were coming up in the media. But the whole
policy was very clearly worked out by this kind of gang of people.

And I think this -- in that same hearing in which Philip Cooney was being --
was testifying with Jim -- by the way, there's an amazing picture that I've
received from the New York Times with Jim Hansen holding his hand up, with
George Deutsch on one side of him and Philip Cooney on the other. That was
how Jim testified at that hearing.

There was a Democratic congressman from Kentucky named Yarmuth, who revealed
that the staff members from Waxman's committee had gotten access to a whole
bunch of communications between the Council on Environmental Quality, Philip
Cooney and the Vice President's office. And he read from one of them. It
became clear that there was a lot of communication going on on a regular
basis with the Vice President's office. And what this prompted was a lawyer
from CEQ to stand up, and basically there was about a fifteen-minute
discussion. James Connaughton also stood up -- this is while Philip Cooney
was testifying -- and made it clear that the committee was not allowed to
use that information because they were invoking executive privilege to keep
any communications with the Vice President off the record. But there's a lot
of evidence somewhere, and Mr. Yarmuth very slyly managed to get it into the
record. What he did was he read from a hand transcription of an email that
one of his staffers had been allowed to look at but not use as part of the
record and hearing.

JUAN GONZALEZ: And, James Hansen, when all of this was going on -- you're a
career scientist -- what your fellow scientists in NASA and other parts of
the government, what was their reaction to -- one, to the advisability of
you standing up and how they felt about it, as well as to how they acted
when this kind of censorship or muzzling of their viewpoints was occurring?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, I think a discouraging thing is that people have
come to accept this, to expect it, you know, and I think we have to strongly
object to this. It's interesting that -- the thing you just showed, where
Philip Cooney said, "Well, I was just aligning the science to fit the
policy." Well, that's -- that's just nonsense, I mean, if they can make
their policy decisions without following exactly what the science -- where
it might make you go because the executives have other sources of
information and various things they're trying to do. But they shouldn't
change the science itself. But they're doing that on a widespread basis, and
we have to object to that. But, of course, scientists are, you know,
concerned about our job and do not easily object to it, but I think that we
have to do that.

AMY GOODMAN: You met with Vice President Dick Cheney?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Yes, I spoke with the six cabinet members on the Climate
and Energy Task Force that the vice chairman -- the Vice President was the
chair of in 2001.

AMY GOODMAN: And what did you tell him?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, at that time, we made clear that the climate was
changing because of human-made changes in atmospheric composition and that
carbon dioxide was the primary cause of that, but there were other gases
also that affect it. And we tried to give an indication of the kind of
scenario for the future that we're going to need to follow if we're going to
avoid disastrous climate effects over the next several decades.

AMY GOODMAN: And what was the response?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, the response, frankly, was the withdrawal of the US
from any agreements for addressing the global climate change problem. And
we've --

AMY GOODMAN: You mean pulling out of the Kyoto Protocol?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Yes, for example, and not -- and again going more after
more fossil fuels, rather than alternatives such as improved energy
efficiency for future energy needs.

JUAN GONZALEZ: And in terms of some of your analysis about the road ahead
out of this growing crisis, the both immediate and long term, what do you
see as some of the key things that our government, as well as other
governments around the world, need to do?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, the most important thing is -- if you just look at
how much carbon dioxide there is in the different fossil fuels, coal is the
really big issue. The important step is to have a moratorium on any new
coal-fired power plants until we have the technology to capture the carbon
dioxide and sequester it. And if we would do that, that's a good fraction of
the solution. But we're also going to have to use the other fossil fuels
more conservatively. We're going to need to emphasize energy efficiency. And
eventually we have to find sources of energy that don't produce greenhouse
gases.

AMY GOODMAN: I'm just looking at a piece in the New York Times from a few
days ago by Andrew Revkin that said, "Dr. Hansen "and eight co-authors have
drafted a fresh paper arguing that the world has already shot past a safe
eventual atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide, which they say would
be around 350 parts per million, a level passed 20 years ago," Andrew Revkin
writes. This is controversial. "Some longtime champions of Dr. Hansen,
including the Climate Progress blogger Joe Romm, see some significant gaps
in the paper" -- still in draft form -- "and part ways with Dr. Hansen over
whether such a goal is remotely feasible."

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Well, yeah. Unfortunately, Joe feels that we have to talk
about what's practical. I think we have to look at the science and tell us
exactly what it -- and tell the people exactly what it is pointing to. And
the history of the earth tells us that even 385 parts per million is too
much. And we can still go backwards. The ocean does take up carbon dioxide.
If we would phase out the use of coal, except to recapture the CO2, then it
is feasible to get back below 350 parts per million. But we're going to have
to put a stop on new coal-fired power plants until we have the technology to
capture the CO2.

AMY GOODMAN: Do you see that happening with any of the candidates right now,
what they're proposing?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: I think it could happen. I think -- I haven't seen either
-- any of the candidates say we're going to have a moratorium on coal-fired
power plants. But they're beginning to say things to recognize the problem.
So I think it's possible, but no one has exactly stated that.

JUAN GONZALEZ: I mean, it seems that in terms of the reaction of many of the
candidates to the increasing crisis in terms of supply of oil is that
they're looking at either -- at nuclear energy or increased coal use to sort
of deal with trying to get the country more energy independent, rather than
the long-term prospects of actually having more efficient use of energy and
reductions in terms of our society adjusting dramatically to a different use
of energy in the future.

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Yeah, and they're saying things like, "Well, we will
reduce by 2050 the CO2 emissions by 60 percent or 80 percent," but they
really need to have a specific strategy, and that, I do think, has to start
with coal. If we would phase that out -- oil -- we're going to hit peak oil
very soon, if we haven't already.

AMY GOODMAN: Which means?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: Which means that we have used half of the oil that's
readily available. And so, the amount -- the emissions from oil are going to
start to decline just because the supply of oil is limited. So that's why
coal becomes the issue. Now we're starting to use more and more coal, and we
just can't do that unless we have the technology to capture the CO2.

AMY GOODMAN: How dire is the situation right now?

DR. JAMES HANSEN: It's becoming dire, because we have to start within the
next few years on a track -- on a different track. We have to realize that
we have to get to energy sources beyond fossil fuels, and we need to do that
sooner. The fossil fuel companies want you to believe that, well, let's use
up all the fossil fuels, and then we'll worry about what we're going to do
after that. Unfortunately, we can't do that unless we capture the carbon
dioxide.

AMY GOODMAN: And, Mark Bowen, this is your second book on the issue,
Censoring Science, this, your latest. What were you most surprised by in
your research for this book?

MARK BOWEN: Would you mind if I just responded a little bit to the Joseph
Romm comment that you mentioned earlier?

AMY GOODMAN: Yes, go ahead.

MARK BOWEN: I think if you actually read his remarks, he doesn't part ways
significantly with Jim. I don't think Andy really got that right. He's
agreeing very much with Jim's analysis. I think Jim is right in saying that
he doesn't think that what Jim is proposing is politically feasible, but he
follows the logic of Jim's arguments very well. And, in fact, there's one
way in which -- well, we don't have to get into details, but anyway -- so I
don't -- I think at least Joseph Romm is certainly agreeing with most of the
logic of what Jim is saying.

Well, what I found most shocking? I've said this a couple times. I think
what was most shocking was, first of all, the widespread corruption. It was
just everywhere. It was all over the top echelons of NASA. And that's a
little shocking, really.

I think -- you know, I was talking to a -- I gave a talk a couple weeks ago,
and there was a science teacher from Burlington, Massachusetts, which isn't
far from here, who told me that when she saw Al Gore's movie -- or she
showed it to her kids in her class -- she's an elementary school science
teacher -- they were -- the most interesting thing they saw was the incident
where Jim was actually censored by George W. Bush's father in 1989. They
found that amazing. They were astounded by that. I'm not too astounded by
it, because I was aware of that. But in this administration, it's just
everywhere, and that was a little shocking.

The next thing was just the arrogance of it, the ineptitude of it. They were
caught because they didn't do it even remotely well. And what that really
translated into was just stupidity. I mean, didn't they know they were going
to get caught? Didn't they realize that ultimately -- you know, most of the
people in NASA -- everybody, really, except the political appointees, is
honest, experienced, good at what they do. I was very impressed with them.

Also, the Republican staffers on Sherwood Boehlert's committee -- you know,
at the time that Jim went public there in January 2006, both houses of
Congress were Republican-dominated, and it was a Republican committee
chairman of the House Science Committee who went after NASA on this when Jim
went public, and his two staffers, David Goldston and Johannes Loschnigg,
who did the investigation for Mr. Boehlert, also were extremely good at what
they did, very honest, and were shocked at what they saw.

So, you know, most of the people in government -- I was actually very
inspired by most of the people I met in government. It was just this cabal
up at the top who were just shockingly corrupt and shockingly arrogant and
therefore stupid, really.

AMY GOODMAN: Well, we're going to leave it there. Mark Bowen, author of
Censoring Science: Inside the Political Attack on Dr. James Hansen and the
Truth of Global Warming, and Dr. James Hansen, himself -- for the past
twenty-five years, he's headed NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies --
thank you so much for joining us.

Amy Goodman is the host of the nationally syndicated radio news program,
Democracy Now!

© 2008 Democracy Now! All rights reserved.
View this story online at: http://www.alternet.org/story/80508/

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~>
Judy Reed
AnimalVoices
Speaking For Animals & Their Environment
This is distibuted for nonprofit research and educational purposes only.
[Ref. http://www4.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.html ]

You are invited to read past articles and alerts, subscribe, or unsubscribe
at:
AnimalVoicesNews: www.groups-beta.google.com/group/AnimalVoicesNews
AnimalVoicesAlerts: www.groups-beta.google.com/group/AnimalVoicesAlerts
BushWatchersNews:
www.groups-beta.google.com/groups?q=bushwatchernews&start;=0&scoring;=d

To unsubscribe, send email to: (close spaces around @)
<AnimalVoicesNews-unsubscribe @ googlegroups.com>
<AnimalVoicesAlerts-unsubscribe @ googlegroups.com>
<BushWatcherNews-unsubscribe @ googlegroups.com>
