


Where have we heard that phrase before?From a certain candidate in the
2000 presidential election. And it wasn't Al Gore.Yup, none other than
George W. Bush himself promised to be "a uniter, not a divider." And
even if you still really like him and his policies, you've got to admit
that particular plan backfired (if you're assuming there was such a
plan at all, and it wasn't just nice-sounding campaign rhetoric.)Now
we've got some more candidates, this time on the Democratic side,
promising to unite the country. There's John Edwards, with his "one
America." And there's Barack Obama, who catapulted onto the national
political stage with his speech at the 2004 Democratic convention, when
he proclaimed that there's not a black America or a white America or a
Christian America or a Muslim America, but the United States of America
- and that "we serve an awesome God in the blue states, and we don't
like the government snooping around in our libraries in the red
states." (Or something like that; I should have the quote memorized by
now, as our 2-year-old son enjoys hearing the speech quite frequently.)
And I'm (cautiously) willing to believe he's in earnest, at least until
proven otherwise.But, earnest or not, he's got to stay on track and
maintain his image as a uniter, because it's what most clearly sets him
apart from Hillary Clinton (who also says she's a uniter but, perhaps a
little undeservedly, is a veritable lightning rod for division.) And
I'm afraid he's about to make a big misstep, although he's got time to
correct it.You see, last Thursday, Obama and six other Democratic
candidates participated in a debate sponsored by LOGO, a
lesbian/gay/bisexual/transgender TV station (you may have heard of them
as the broadcaster of the show "Queer as Folk") and co-sponsored by the
Human Rights Campaign, a pro-homosexual-rights group. Comparatively few
people actually watched the debate, since LOGO is not available in many
cable packages, and aside from a few snippets, video of the debate
hasn't been available on the web except for on the LOGO website
( www.logoonline.com , if you're interested.) (Besides, at the risk of
offending someone, who wants to watch LOGO with his or her family, even
for a presidential debate, and take the chance of seeing some, um,
interesting commercials?) In the media and the PAC world, the big story
wasn't what was said, but the fact that these seven candidates agreed
to the "first gay debate" at all. Gay rights proponents hailed it as
stunning progress, even though only Dennis Kucinich said he'd support
same-sex marriage. Social conservatives blasted the participating
candidates for "pandering" to the "gay lobby" - again, even though six
of the seven stated unequivocably, though respectfully, that they would
not advocate marriage for same-sex couples.The candidates' (including
Obama's) response to the latter criticism was that the debate wasn't
pandering, that they stated what they believed regardless of the
audience, and that whatever your stand is, it's foolish to deny
that "gay issues" are genuine issues in this campaign. Besides, why
turn down a debate? Makes sense to me. Obama, and several others, said
some hard things during the LOGO debate - things the interviewers and
studio audience didn't want to hear. Even under pressure from
questioners who likened his stance against gay marriage to this
country's old anti-miscegenation laws, Obama didn't waver. So I find
the argument in favor of attending the debate to be very persuasive.But
that's not the end of the story. LOGO also offered to host a Republican
debate, but no Republican accepted the invitation. And meanwhile,
there's another organization - one that couldn't be any different in
its platform than LOGO and the HRC - that has issued invitations to all
presidential candidates, of both parties, to its candidates' forum.
That organization is the Family Research Council, the politically
active offspring of Focus on the Family. FRC is one of the foremost (in
terms of name recognition and spending) of social conservative PACs,
although they also take a Republican line on fiscal, foreign policy,
and national security issues, as well. I've criticized the FRC plenty -
including on this blog. Most of what they write in their daily updates
makes my social conservative blood boil. They are cozy to a fault with
the Republicans and the Bush administration, often compromising their
own core agenda. They frequently engage in gay-bashing rhetoric. And
the one issue on which they're willing to part company with Pres. Bush
is immigration - one of the few policy areas in which I've agreed with
him!But they actually had a good point last week - why are candidates
like Obama and Sen. Clinton accepting an invitation from a fairly
far-left pro-homosexual-rights group (even while claiming to be
moderate, or possibly a little left of center, on related issues), but
won't come to FRC's Washington Briefing: Values Voter Summit
candidates' forum?Frankly, I can think of tons of good reasons. As I
mentioned, FRC isn't a great organization. Not only do I disagree with
them on many points; they can't seem to release an e-mail without a
typo. I don't doubt that the questions at the candidates' forum would
be unfair, that Republicans would be favored over Democrats, and that
it would find some way to twist the words of any Democrat in attendance
in order to villify him or her to their membership. Besides, only one
candidate from either party has accepted the rather long-standing
invitation (Rep. Duncan Hunter, still a badly-dragging "Who's he
again?" contender.)But I actually think all these are good reasons for
Obama to heartily accept the invitation. He can't credibly be accused
of pandering; his views are such that FRC will find plenty of ways to
complain loudly about him, if not speculate that he might be the
anti-Christ. They can be unfair to him, twist his words, and generally
make his time there miserable, but even if he wins no converts from the
FRC faithful, any insults he bears will be credited to him as proof of
sufficient liberal-ness by loyal Democrats. And he'll be putting his
money where his mouth is, when he says he's a uniter and not a divider.
Why say it if you don't mean it? What harm would it do him to go to the
enemy camp, speak his mind, get yelled at and called names, and
graciously thank them for their hospitality and leave with his head
held high? Furthermore, while he might not win over anyone in
attendance at the FRC conference, he might just sway the minds of some
other social conservatives who are sick of Republicans demanding their
votes for the sake of the unborn but doing little to save them and
nothing for many other genuinely pro-life causes. It would show that
he's willing to dialog with social conservatives, not afraid of them,
and won't villify them needlessly for political gain.I support his
decision to participate in the LOGO debate, and I think he did a great
job. But he's got an even greater opportunity in the Washington
Briefing, and I really hope he takes it. That would call FRC's bluff
and represent a substantial step toward uniting the polarized
electorate, inasmuch as that's possible.- KPE

--
Posted By The Eastvold Blog to The Eastvolds at 8/09/2007 05:29:00 PM
