


I would adore having a colleague who knows their OBM as my boss.
Please spread the word.  Tim

DEPARTMENT CHAIRPERSON. The
DEPARTMENT OF PSYCHOLOGY at APPALACHIAN
STATE UNIVERSITY invites applications and nominations for the position
of DEPARTMENT CHAIRPERSON. The successful applicant must have an earned
Ph.D. in Psychology and a strong record of scholarship and teaching.
Preference will be given to applicants with demonstrated leadership
experience. The Department of Psychology has a dedicated faculty of 30
full-time doctoral level faculty members. The Department supports
approximately 600 undergraduate majors, 100 full-time graduate students
in four master’s degree programs (Clinical-Health, General
Experimental, Industrial-Organizational and Human Resource Management,
School), and is developing plans for a potential Ph.D. program in
Clinical Psychology.

Appalachian State University is a member institution of the
sixteen-campus University of North Carolina. Located near the Blue
Ridge Parkway and Appalachian Trail in Boone, North Carolina, the
University has approximately 15,000 students and has been ranked by US
News and World Report as one of the top 15 southern regional
universities since 1986.

Applicants should send an application consisting of a vita, a statement
of leadership qualifications and philosophy, a statement of teaching
and research interests, and the names, addresses and phone numbers of
at least three professional references. Materials should be sent to:
Dr. Tim Huelsman, Search Committee Chairperson, Department of
Psychology, Appalachian State University, Box 32109, Boone, NC 28608.
Applications will not be accepted by e-mail. A review of completed
applications will begin on November 5, 2007 and continue until the
position is filled. The successful applicant will start July 1, 2008.
Appalachian State University is an equal opportunity employer.
Applications from minority candidates and candidates with disabilities
are encouraged. Additional information about the Department, the
University, and the surrounding area is located on the Psychology web
site at: http://www.psych.appstate.edu/

--
Timothy D. Ludwig, Ph.D.
University Deans Distinguished Graduate Faculty
Professor, Department of Psychology
Appalachian State University
Boone, NC   28608
ludwigtd@appstate.edu
