


WorldNetDaily, OR, USA

---

Excerpt: Considering that, according to Yale and Harvard-connected
psychiatrist Jeffrey Satinover, pedophilia is more than three times
more common among homosexuals than among heterosexuals, and since the
GLBT population is strongly unified, doesn't it strike you as odd that
a major transgender organization endorsed by the homosexual lobby
would consider having children undress in a teacher's office?

---

WorldNetDaily Exclusive Commentary

Give 'peeing in peace' a chance?

By Olivia St. John

Posted: November 22, 2007
1:00 a.m. Eastern

South-central Maryland may soon look like the San Francisco of the
East Coast after elected officials in Montgomery County unanimously
approved a measure on Nov. 13 allowing "transgender" males to use
female restrooms and vice versa.

Is Maryland's sex education curriculum teaching anal sex not enough to
appease the California-admiring members of the Montgomery County
Council? Apparently not. The newly minted bill gives citizens of the
Old Line State who are confused about their "gender identity" the
green light to enter a public facility or locker room of their choice,
even if children are present.

Why would a county government bring politics into the bathroom by
passing a statute giving special rights over locker room access? And
particularly for a small segment of people described by the American
Psychiatric Association as disordered?

The Transgender Law Center, or TLC – an organization dedicated to
getting legal information into the hands of community members,
attorneys, educators and others – designed a descriptive resource
guide for transgender activists and their homosexual, lesbian and
bisexual allies. The document, titled "Peeing in Peace," promotes
"gender neutral restrooms" in all sectors of society. Not
surprisingly, it was partially funded by Clinton supporter George
Soros and the Tides Foundation, generously supported by Teresa Kerry,
wife of Sen. John Kerry.

The problem, according to TLC, is that many transgendered people have
few safe places to go to the bathroom. They claim to "get harassed …
and arrested in BOTH women's and men's rooms." One sufferer, who had
clearly entered a restroom of the opposite sex, whined that he had
been "dragged out by security guards."

Essentially, the transgendered consider it harassing abuse if they are
questioned by a citizen, or even held to account by law enforcement,
for entering a restroom of the opposite sex.

Amusingly, this sounds as if the fuss is over "peeing rights," or
about who has the right to urinate where. But think again. Seriously
consider that your child is likely to find transsexualism not only
discussed but also actively practiced in his public school at some
point.

In an effort to influence your child, the TLC provides a handy
"Toolkit for Gender Identity Activism in Schools." Included in section
1:39 is one active board of education's administrative regulation
stating that "transgender students shall not be forced to use the
locker room corresponding to their gender assigned at birth." In other
words, these public school students are welcome to undress in opposite
sex locker rooms, as well as use opposite sex restrooms.

Clearly, most, if not all students would find undressing in a room
with the opposite sex quite uncomfortable. So, to accommodate the
"needs and privacy concerns of all students," a child may be offered
options to dress in "an area separated by a curtain" or in "a PE
instructor's office in the locker room." Another suggested dressing
area is "a nurse's office."

Why would any board of education regulation offer a child the option
of changing his clothing in a teacher's or administrator's office?
Would you feel comfortable with your child undressing in a stranger's
office?

The TLC's emphasis on the desire to urinate in any chosen location is
laughable, except for this question: Why would any adult, young or
old, fight so hard for full access to all facilities in which people
are in some state of undress?

And particularly within the restrooms and locker rooms of public schools?

According to "Peeing in Peace," it is important that transgenders be
allowed to use multi-stall facilities with mixed company. The guide
states, "If people are worried about privacy … stall doors could
extend all the way to the ground and locks on individual stalls could
function more effectively."

Why would such desires be so important?

Considering that, according to Yale and Harvard-connected psychiatrist
Jeffrey Satinover, pedophilia is more than three times more common
among homosexuals than among heterosexuals, and since the GLBT
population is strongly unified, doesn't it strike you as odd that a
major transgender organization endorsed by the homosexual lobby would
consider having children undress in a teacher's office? And that they
would insist on using multi-stall restrooms of the opposite sex? And
that they would desire stalls that extend to the floor and securely
lock? (If only Sen. Larry Craig had been so lucky.)

Randy Thomasson, president of the Campaign for Children and Families,
is working to sound a critically important alarm to parents across the
country. An ominous piece of legislation, recently signed into law in
California, goes into effect in January. According to Thomasson, "SB
777 means radical curriculum changes that include transvestite
speakers and transsexual videos, classroom handouts on sex-change
operations, and curriculum teaching children homosexual 'marriage' is
completely normal."

This heinous law, along with the statute in Maryland, is simply an
extension of the psychologically abusive methods already being
perpetrated upon school children across our country. Easy access to
children's' minds and bodies is increasingly becoming more deeply
facilitated, especially in public schools.

If your child were in the path of a raging wildfire, what would you do?

Homeschool parents in Germany have gone to jail for their zeal in
protecting their children from perverted influences. Many homeschool
families have fled that country so they can continue teaching decent
standards. They are escaping the flaming fires of immorality so their
own children don't get burned beyond recognition.

You, on the other hand, live in a land of freedom.

What are you going to do?

Any sane parent would immediately pull his child out of the fire.

Olivia St. John is a freelance writer with almost 20 years of
experience as a home educator. Her work has been featured in several
online publications, and she is currently working on a book promoting
home education.

Copyright 1997-2007
All Rights Reserved. WorldNetDaily.com Inc.

http://worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=58811

Copyright Statement: Material appearing in this e-mail is distributed without profit or monetary gain to those who have expressed an interest in receiving the article material for research and educational purposes. This is in accordance with Title 17 U. S. C. section 107. Please note that distribution of articles doesn't constitute endorsement of the articles' content; "opposition" articles are distributed to educate interested readership about contrary and unfavorable standpoints.
Yahoo! Groups Links

<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/transgendernews/

<*> Your email settings:
Individual Email | Traditional

<*> To change settings online go to:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/transgendernews/join
(Yahoo! ID required)

<*> To change settings via email:
mailto:transgendernews-dig ... @yahoogroups.com
mailto:transgendernews-fullfeatu ... @yahoogroups.com

<*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
transgendernews-unsubscr ... @yahoogroups.com

<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/
