


So her dad is basically saying his daughter is a vicious animal and a
bully who needs to be heavily medicated so she doesn't act out her
violent urges on others.

http://sports.yahoo.com/ten/news;_ylt=Ah_.WNGNDNDPyF_AnXrHk4E4v7YF?sl...

Papa Williams: 'Serena is a pit bull, Venus is a gazelle' -- both are
in Open quarters

By HOWARD FENDRICH, AP Tennis Writer
September 2, 2007

AP - Sep 2, 10:18 pm EDT

NEW YORK (AP) -- When you hear about Serena and Venus Williams
overpowering opponents, as happened Sunday at the U.S. Open to two
recent Grand Slam finalists, it's easy to forget that the sisters are,
indeed, individuals.

And as similar as their on-court styles might seem, all stinging
serves and gargantuan groundstrokes, they are not quite carbon copies.

That point was driven home by their father and coach, Richard, who sat
courtside for the final game of Serena's 6-3, 6-4 victory over
Wimbledon runner-up Marion Bartoli, then watched Venus' 6-4, 6-2 win
against French Open runner-up Ana Ivanovic.

"Serena reminds me of a pit bull dog and a young Mike Tyson, all in
one," Dad said Sunday. "Venus reminds me of a gazelle that's able to
move, prance and jump. Venus looks as if she is really enjoying
herself out there more than Serena is right now. If they get by
everyone and meet each other, it will be an interesting match."

Another all-Williams showdown is indeed nearing at Flushing Meadows,
although unlike six previous meetings for major titles -- Serena leads
5-1 in those finals, Venus leads 7-6 overall -- this one would be a
semifinal.

"That would be awesome because it would mean that there is a Williams
in the final," Venus said. She also noted: "We have one more step."

For Serena, it's a familiar one. She will face No. 1 Justine Henin in
the quarterfinals at a third consecutive major, having lost to her at
the French Open and Wimbledon.

"Yeah, we know each other pretty well," Henin said after beating No.
15 Dinara Safina 6-0, 6-2 at night. "I know everyone was waiting for
that match, and here we are."
