


http://community.foxsports.com/blogs/ublanj/2007/08/27/Not_Another_Te...

Brain-typing was first made popular by general manager Danny Ainge in his
rationale towards signing players such as Brian Scalabrine to huge
contracts.  With that in mind, we analyzed the behavior patterns from fans
around the league to get an accurate look into the heart of each team.

Feel free to add your own:

Atlanta Hawks

-         (Crickets...)

Boston Celtics

-         "If Robert Parrish could play until he was 100, why can't Allan
Houston or Charles Oakley?  Championship!"  (this is never a good thought).

-         "We need role players, has Walter McCarty retired yet so we can
bring him back?  We love Waltah!"

Charlotte Bobcats

-         "Retired players are coming back?  Any word on Michael?"

-         "Well, at least BET didn't suc---err---nevermind"

Chicago Bulls

-         "Post players are overrated"

Cleveland Cavaliers

-         "2007 NBA Finals - what the hell did we just witness?"

-         "So geeked Lebron finally got talent around him, too bad his
jersey reads Team USA.

Dallas Mavericks

-         "Mark Cuban tells us to still cry about the 2006 NBA Finals."

-         "Mark Cuban tells us to think that the league cheated us again by
letting Don Nelson use inside information on our team."

-         "Mark Cuban tells us to think that we are still better off for
getting rid of an aging, has-been All-Star point guard so we could split the
money between two never-were NBA centers."

-         "Mark Cuban tells us what to think."

Denver Nuggets

-   "If Michael Vick knows what is good for him he'll keep his mouth shut.
We   know what Carmelo and AI do to snitches."

Detroit Pistons

-         "We still got the best starting five in the league, we still got
the best starting five in the league, we still got the best starting five in
the league.." (Keep telling yourself that's enough)

-         "We were foolish to think that Nazr Mohammed could replace Ben
Wallace, but Amir Johnson on the other hand!"

Golden State Warriors

-         "Best NBA Live team ever!" (NBA Live BLEEP s)

Houston Rockets

-         "This is the year Yao and McGrady stay healthy, no, really."

Indiana Pacers

-         "We'd rather have five more brawls and three more nightclub
shootings before we go through another season of Mike Dunleavy starting at
shooting guard."

Los Angeles Clippers

-         "O.J. Mayo is going to be sweet!"

Los Angeles Lakers

-         "If we trade Kobe, does that mean we can stop pretending we like
these games and just not show? It's really cutting into my cocaine time with
Brit and Lo'.

-         "Kobe is God"

Memphis Grizzlies

- "Would somebody just buy the friggin' team and move it already?"

Miami Heat

-         "Hooray, Gary Payton is finally gone?"

-         "Smush F$@k* Parker?!"

Milwuakee Bucks
-       "Come on Yi, we ate Chinese food once...does that count?"

Minnesota Timberwolves

-         "Thank God McHale didn't use to play for the Knicks"

New Jersey Nets

-         "Yawn"

New Orleans Hornets

-         "It sure was nice of Mr. Stern to bring the Hornets back to New
Orleans.  Life feels almost back to normal now that we got an NBA team to
ignore."

New York Knicks

-         "We should trade Malik Rose for Kobe Bryant, and then Jerome James
for Jermaine O'Neal.  It might not make sense, but we're New York, it doesn't
have to!"

-         "Curry and Randolph could work.  With Jerome James on the team,
there's no way that both of them could get enough food to get that out of
shape."

-   "Ah KG, if only Kevin McHale use to play for the Knicks."

Orlando Magic

-         "Out of salary cap hell and into the, well, salary cap hell."

Philadelphia 76ers

-         "AI who?"

Phoenix Suns

-         "Waaaaaaaaah..waaaaaaaaaaaah...waaaaaaaahh.Donagh
y..Waaaah....David Stern....waaaaaaaaaah"

-     David Stern let the Spurs win because he favors larger tv markets."

Portland Trail Blazers

-         "Throw it down one time big man!"

Sacramento Kings

-         "At least we still got the Monarchs"

San Antonio Spurs

-         "It's not tainted, it's not tainted, it's not tainted."

-         "Get over it Mavs/Suns"

Seattle Supersonics

-         "One year of Kevin Durant is better than none."

Toronto Raptors

-         "That Bosh is aboot to destroy the rink, ay?"

Utah Jazz

-         "Our season ticket package couldn't cover another wife.decisions,
decisions."

Washington Wizards

- "I miss Gheorge Muresan (spell check?)"
