


Serious Problems at ACFC

An Open Letter to the Board

David Roberts
Chairman of the Board
American Coalition for Fathers and Children
1718 M Street, NW, Suite 187
Washington, DC 20036
Dear David and Fellow Members of the Board,

Two years ago, the Families and Fathers Conference in Detroit voted to
designate ACFC as the principal organization representing the
fatherhood movement. That decision was testimony to ACFC's enormous
promise as a national leader and to years of dedicated work by ACFC
officers and members, to whom America's parents and children owe a
great debt.

Unfortunately, in the two years since we received that honor, the
potential has not been realized. As promising developments unfold
nationwide, it is increasingly clear that serious obstacles impede our
progress and that some operate within ACFC itself. While we have moved
forward, I believe we could be doing much better.

In trying to create a more proactive organization, I have met with
repeated frustrations and obstructions. This is more serious than
simply the inevitable difficulties with which we are all familiar.
ACFC is being seriously criticized by important leaders in our
movement, and we cannot continue to dismiss their concerns. In recent
months, I have heard complaints that ACFC has become a "do-nothing"
organization, that its efforts are half-hearted and inept, and that
some of its actions are actually counterproductive.

In short, we have not proved ourselves fully worthy of the trust that
has been reposed in us. In fact it is hardly an exaggeration to say
that ACFC has become dysfunctional and risks becoming an object of
ridicule.

In particular, this is what I am hearing from our supporters
throughout the country:

Rather than trying to lead a broad-based movement, ACFC behaves like a
closed cabal where everything is carefully controlled by a small
clique of officers, and outsiders are distrusted.
Ambitious projects and grandiose schemes are conceived and launched
but never completed. Promises of major change are offered, but the
changes never materialize.
Talented individuals of proven dedication and ability offer their
services to ACFC and are rebuffed, while others of proven achievement
have left in frustration.
I myself find it virtually impossible to exercise the most rudimentary
leadership. As president, I am given no authority, and whenever I
attempt an initiative, it is vetoed, with excuses for inaction and
with no alternative action taken or even proposed. I have no authority
over the budget, and I am not trusted to make decisions over so basic
a matter as the ACFC Internet site, let alone bold initiatives. Every
action I propose meets obstructions, delays, excuses.

ACFC seems to be pervaded by a "can't do" rather than a "can do"
culture. It seems there is always a reason we cannot do something,
always some excuse for not taking action, for not completing some
project we have begun, some reason we cannot assist or work alongside
some other organization who has offered to work with us, some reason
for failure. And in the end, nothing is done, and failure is the
result.

At the same time, a culture of unrealistic self-congratulation has
developed, with inflated and overly-optimistic reports about the
increases in our membership and revenues, when no such increases have
occurred.

Many times I have felt that I am being paid to be silent or to mouth
well-worn platitudes, to not act, and even to prevent others from
acting. I am constantly threatened with loss of pay and dismissal,
even in the midst of notable successes, if a single utterance - a word
or phrase - fails to conform to some ill-defined orthodoxy.

Unfortunately, this seems to have become a pattern at ACFC. In recent
years, able individuals who have served in leadership positions within
ACFC have departed in frustration and anger: Jane Spies, Diana
Thompson, Stuart Miller, Murray Davis, David Usher, Ed Truncellito.
Each cited leadership problems in his or her departure. These people
quickly went from being respected and trusted friends to being
anathematized as if they were enemies, much as figures appear and
disappear in a Kremlin photograph. I do not wish to point fingers;
merely to point out that a leadership organization like ACFC must rise
above personal bickering to take the moral high ground. Whatever the
shortcomings of these former friends, our movement is inevitably
composed of people with both talents and flaws similar to those of
Jane, Diana, Stuart, Murray, David, and Ed. If ACFC can only operate
by regularly purging such leaders, then serious doubts arise as to
whether anyone can possibly lead ACFC or whether ACFC itself retains
any claim to lead others.

No center of responsibility now exists in ACFC. Every decision
requires a committee. But while executive action must be accountable,
it should also have the freedom to make decisions without the
necessity of convening a meeting. Decisive action is impossible when
every decision must be taken by the board. No effective organization
tries to conduct its daily operations by committee.

Yet as president, I am expected to accept responsibility for repeated
failures and inactions, when the decisions were not mine to begin
with. No organization can operate when decision-making is divorced
from responsibility for the decisions.

Perhaps most serious, the lack of trust in me reflects a larger lack
of trust in our membership. If we are to be a movement, then we must
use the talents and contributions of our members, friends, and allies.
The perception exists that we do not trust our own members, that we
must control everything ourselves. This is not the spirit of a broad
and open social movement but more akin to the spirit of Leninism,
where an elite "vanguard" of professionals directs operations on
behalf of the masses, whom it views with contempt.

More specifically:

Major accomplishments by ACFC officers and members are ignored and not
even mentioned on the Internet site. Major articles published in
mainstream publications by ACFC officers, members, and friends - major
breakthroughs in getting our message before mainstream audiences - are
not posted or even mentioned on the site. The same is true of
important documents and news developments. Following the publication
of my own articles, I regularly receive numerous requests to reprint
them in publications and on web sites. But they are not published on
the ACFC web site. Neither are they circulated on the ACFC email lists
or they are circulated belatedly. There is no mention of major
articles by Phyllis Schlafly, Mike McManus, or other prominent friends
who have allied themselves with us, or major books by Phyllis, Mark
Harris, and others. When Mike McManus recently published a major op-ed
column calling for shared parenting, while serving on a Virginia
commission where he is in a position to implement it, I was told we
could not publicize his article (and must even "distance ourselves"
from it), simply because he also advocated divorce reform.
In an age when information technology is critical to any organization,
the ACFC web site has become an embarrassment. Members repeatedly
complain that it is months or years out of date, that it seldom
changes, that it contains little current information about legislative
initiatives and other developments throughout the country, that it
fails to convey information about affiliate groups and other
organizations, and that parts are barely comprehensible. Information
on affiliates in particular - our claim to be a national leadership
organization - is barely legible. The "Events" page advertises
"Updates on Shared Parenting and Fatherhood Related Activities Around
the Nation," but the most recent event was a year ago, and the next
before that was over two years ago. Web sites operated by local groups
and individuals are far superior to ACFC's. Repeated warnings that
this must change are simply ignored, and I see no desire or will to
address this failure.
Positive accomplishments seem to count for less than ideological
conformity. As I stand on the verge of producing the first major
exposé of the divorce regime ever published by a commercial publishing
house, I find that, far from receiving support from ACFC, ACFC seems
intent on distancing itself from my book. While Liberator editor John
Maguire has been devising ambitious plans to promote the book, he too
is undermined.
We have even begun disseminating literature that can only be described
as dishonest. One of our most important accomplishments has been to
enlist the support of highly eminent public figures such as Phyllis
Schlafly and Mike McManus. Yet in a recently ACFC promotional letter,
a valuable endorsement from Mrs. Schlafly was intentionally doctored
and she was deliberately misquoted. How can we gain the trust of
millions and of the respected and influential people we need to
restore justice in America when we betray their trust by distorting
their words after they have risked their reputations to support us?
Claims of new affiliates and donors are exaggerated and never seem to
materialize. The campaign to create a Florida chapter, advertised with
much fanfare, became a fiasco and was never completed. After
expenditures of money and time for trips to Florida and expenditures
of time, money, and goodwill by others, there is no Florida affiliate
and no prospect of one.
ACFC board meetings seldom discuss substantive business or concrete
action but instead degenerate into complaint sessions against other
groups. Even our own membership become objects of gratuitous
backbiting, where heads of our affiliates are discussed as if they
were adversaries to be feared rather than friends to be assisted.
I am also concerned about the unwise use of our limited resources,
paid by members' dues:

Money and time are wasted in pointless travel, unnecessary and unused
office space and luxurious meeting rooms, and other questionable and
even extravagant expenditures,
...
read more »
