


and a scoundrel:

Democrats' report: White House misleads on climate
By Deborah Zabarenko, Environment Correspondent Reuters
With U.S. policy at the center of
debate at a Bali climate change meeting, Democrats in Congress
said on Monday that the White House manipulated science for
years to cast doubt on reality of global warming.
"The Bush administration has engaged in a systematic effort
to manipulate climate change science and mislead policymakers
and the public about the dangers of global warming," the House
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform said.
Congressional Republicans released their own report,
calling the accusations "a partisan diatribe," while White
House spokeswoman Dana Perino said the Democrats' charges were
rehashed and untrue, and timed to coincide with the Bali
conference.
James Connaughton, head of the White House Council on
Environmental Quality, denied the accusations: "Claims that
this administration interfered with scientists and with the
science are false."
The Democrats reported that the council exerted "unusual
control over what federal scientists could say publicly about
climate change, and that it was standard practice for the
council to decide whether or not U.S. scientists could give
interviews to the media.
This became more apparent after Hurricane Katrina hit the
U.S. Gulf Coast in 2005, when the White House and the Commerce
Department steered press queries away from government
scientists who linked climate change and more intense
hurricanes, the Democratic report said.
EDITING CLIMATE CHANGE REPORTS
"There was a systematic White House effort to minimize the
significance of climate change by editing climate change
reports," they wrote.
They said council staff edited the administration's
"Strategic Plan of the Climate Change Science Program" to
exaggerate scientific uncertainties or to diminish the
importance of the human role in global warming.
The report's release came on the same day that the United
States urged participants in the Bali meeting to drop a 2020
target for deep cuts in greenhouse gases by rich nations from
guidelines for a new pact to slow global warming beyond 2012.
Harlan Watson, the chief U.S. climate negotiator, said the
tough targets included in a draft document in Bali would be
"prejudging what the outcome should be."
The draft text suggested that rich countries like the
United States should aim to cut emissions of climate-warming
gases by between 25 and 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2020.
Watson's statement was consistent with the Bush
administration's long-term stance on climate change.
While acknowledging the reality of global warming, the
White House has opposed specific targets to reduce the
emissions of greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide -- spewed by
coal-fired power plants and petroleum-fueled vehicles --
arguing that this would hurt the U.S. economy.
Washington has also stressed that any successor agreement
to the Kyoto Protocol, which expires in 2012, must include all
countries with high greenhouse emissions, including
fast-growing China and India, which were exempt from the Kyoto
requirements.
The United States is now the only major developed country
outside the Kyoto Protocol.

--

Best regards,

Ric Steinberger, President
Sierra Computer Strategies
(Personal email) ricst@usa.net (Business email) rsteinberger@sierracs.net (Norwich email) ricsteinberger@gmail.com (H) +1 775.832.8026
(M) +1 650.302.4322
(F) +1 650.475.8401
(Skype) ricsteinberger

PGP ID: C166 D5B6
