


http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/africa/7125165.stm

BBC award shortlist announced

The five-man shortlist for the 2007 BBC African Footballer of the Year award
has been announced.

Michael Essien of Ghana and Chelsea has the chance to retain his 2006 title
after being named in the group.

The midfielder has been nominated alongside his Chelsea colleague Didier
Drogba and Arsenal's Emmanuel Adebayor.

The Spain-based duo of Mali striker Frederic Kanoute (Sevilla) and Cameroon
star Samuel Eto'o (Barcelona) have also made the cut.

The shortlist was drawn up through consultation with sports reporters from
every country in Africa.

Each reporter, from Morocco to Mozambique, from Somalia to Senegal, was
asked to provide a list of five names.

Adebayor, Drogba, Essien, Eto'o and Kanoute received the most votes from our
panel and created our shortlist; the rest is up to you!

The BBC is asking you to cast your vote and help us choose the winner of
this prestigious award.

But before you make your decision here are some things for you to consider:

- Despite hardly playing in 2007, Samuel Eto'o has been chosen as the face
of the 2010 World Cup and has taken a leading role in the fight against
racism in football.

- Michael Essien was rewarded for his performances with a new five-year
contract at Chelsea, and Ghana coach Claude Le Roy has declared Essien's
talent to be "from another planet".

- Frederic Kanoute scored the vital goal which saw Mali qualify for the
Nations Cup, and he helped his club side Sevilla retain the Uefa Cup.

- Togo's Emmanuel Adebayor picked up where Thierry Henry left off for
English Premier League side Arsenal with seven goals for the Gunners in the
first three months of the season.

- Ivorian Didier Drogba scored the winner in Chelsea's FA Cup final victory
over Manchester United.

Take your time and consider the arguments, and tune in to Fast Track on the
BBC World Service at 1600 GMT on Mondays and Fridays to hear more debate.

You can vote online or you can text us your choice, by sending the word
"vote" followed by the player's surname to +44 77 86 20 20 25. Multiple
votes will be automatically discounted.

The winner will be announced at a special ceremony in Accra, Ghana on 1
February, after the completion of the group stages of the Africa Cup of
Nations.
