 
 
Its all kicking off at the pp forum?
 
 
Just hopped over there for an update on the latest woo and it seems as if they are having a domestic...

Not sure what happened,but i know it involves jct coyote banning another moderator,and something about jct laundering money from forum users?

Anyone know the full story?
 
 
What is the pp forum?
 
 
Ah sorry. Prison planet.

 http://forum.prisonplanet.com/ 
 
 
 
Just hopped over there for an update on the latest woo and it seems as if they are having a domestic...

Not sure what happened,but i know it involves jct coyote banning another moderator,and something about jct laundering money from forum users?

Anyone know the full story?

 
Divide...and Conquer. Our plans are working perfectly!!

 
 
 
 
Divide...and Conquer. Our plans are working perfectly!!

 

 
Ahh I sensed NWO involvment from the begining. The big O must be working overtime this festive season.  
 
 
 
What is the pp forum?

 
The PP Forum. this is where Alex Jones lies to you with false-news, shilling for the gold industry, and then urinates on your head.

hence..the PP forum.

 
 
 
Shouldn't this be in the Schadenfreude thread.....?
 
 
oh,,,,,,,,, golden showers  
 
 
Prison Planet kicks posters off for not following the Party Line!
In other news, the Pope Is Still a Catholic, and Generalismmo Francisco Franco is still dead.
 
 
Being of an obscene mind that's not what I think of when I think of pp.

 
 
 
Why the hell would you post something like this and not include a link to the thread? Maybe you made this up because you dont want to give a source? Maybe you have paranoid delusions that you cant back up? I really intensely dislike it when people post something alluding so something on a huge web forum, why even make the thread if you are not going to show what you are talking about?
 
 
 
Why the hell would you post something like this and not include a link to the thread? Maybe you made this up because you dont want to give a source? Maybe you have paranoid delusions that you cant back up? I really intensely dislike it when people post something alluding so something on a huge web forum, why even make the thread if you are not going to show what you are talking about?

 

This is an all too common thing on this forum. Someone starts a thread but gives no sources. Sometimes what you are suggesting is the correct answer. However at other times, as in this case, people just do not know how to make a good case, even when they are right. Nothing presented so far suggests the OP is right.
 
 
I cant post links yet..but google "JT coyote Urgent help" etc and you get the gist of it
 
 
Here is a possible link for what Northern_warrior mentioned.  http://forum.prisonplanet.com/index.php?topic=144360.0 
Cannot read it as their server is not working.
 
 
from the first page by jct coyote

 
You all know the story about the false DEA raid on May 28th, but you do not know the events surrounding, and leading up to it, the reasons why the Century 21 Realty "task force" were in our home, and why we have been trying to sell our house, even though we don't want to, in the first place.

In November of 2007, my wife lost her job as a paralegal with a local law firm. Her job had paid quite well and had good medical benefits... however, the medical coverage could not be carried over. This is important later in the story. I have been an antique firearms specialist and gunsmith by avocation, most of my life. I have a gunsmithing shop with lathe, milling machine, drill presses, and the like that I have built up over the years. I do restoration work for reenactors, collectors, and other folks who just have an heirloom they want restored. Over the years I've built a small but steady clientele.

Edited by LibraryLady: Edited for  Rule 4  The rest of the entry can be found  here .

 
False DEA raid??..looks like he got busted and are blaiming the "evil NWO" or something..

 
Guys and Gals...

The urgency of this situation cannot be overstated, I will turn myself in Monday and hopefully be out on bail, Tuesday... I will have to have at least half of the attorney retainer fee that day in order to have decent representation. Please help me if you can, to reach this goal. I need to have at least $300 more to accomplish this... and another $300 to finish paying the attorney soon... remember, I cannot access my work because of the state imposed restraining order thus I have no way of earning the money at this time.

Please, remember that this is not what my wife wanted it is being driven by the state... Please, this carries a possible 1 year in prison sentence, and I have harmed no one... $10, $20, $30 or more, whatever you can spare will put us that much closer to the goal.

Help Keep me writing and working, lets defeat these buggers who have perverted our most wholesome laws and turned them into tools by which to enslave the people.

 

 
We've seen the tyranny machine raise its ugly head against members here, like the recent case of Suz having her children CPS-ed, and then being arrested. And I'm afraid it's only going to get worse unless we can get the word out far and wide as to what is happening... that has been Alex's driving force from the beginning,

 
hmm im confused..would the DEA be involved unless there were drugs involved?

 
As far as Alex helping, he is... as much as he can given the circumstances... but even with the money bomb, most of that money is earmarked already, and must be used to its greatest advantage, which is to wake up more people to what is happening around them.

 
I smell BS
 
 
 
ynopsis: Jones interviews JTCoyote on the recent DEA raid of his residence and how this relates to the federal InfraGuard program. They also touch on recent problems due to inappropriate comments on the Prisonplanet and Infowars websites.

//transcript begins approximately 1:40 into the 6/8/09 broadcast//

AJ: So now we go to JTCoyote joining us from Colorado. JTCoyote, in a nutshell, tell folks what happened.

JT: Well Alex, it was pretty crazy. It’s good talking with you, by the way.

AJ: Good having you on with us. Glad you weren’t killed by the SWAT team.

JT: I'll tell you, it could have turned ugly real quick. I’m a gunsmith. And I run my business out of my home. So…

AJ: Century 21 did well though. Stazi…

JT: They did their job under InfraGuard. It’s amazing how quickly they worked too. But any time a federal warrant is issued…they came in, they were two hours late, they came in. They were supposed to be one realtor and a buyer that was interested. Well it turned out to be like a convention of Century 21 real estate agents. And, they were interested…they came in…the one guy was interested in my telescope, another guy interested in my dog. And they fanned out all over the place.

Edited by LibraryLady: Edited for  Rule 4  The rest of the entry can be found  here .

//end transcript//

 
pffffffft
 
 
 
Why the hell would you post something like this and not include a link to the thread? Maybe you made this up because you dont want to give a source? Maybe you have paranoid delusions that you cant back up? I really intensely dislike it when people post something alluding so something on a huge web forum, why even make the thread if you are not going to show what you are talking about?

 
3rd post down  

It was all moving to fast for me to keep up with,there was a thread saying something about jct using the money from the money bomb for personal gain and another one about him banning a moderator for moving a thread,but both threads were deleted/moved to a member only section by the time i posted this. Sane then apologized on Jct's behalf,but the members were posting things like "Dont cover up for him,hes been exposed as a liar and a fraud" [or something along them lines] So i asked here incase anyone was lurking there at the time all this started kicking off.
 
 
 
We know he spent $2000 on t-shirts and hats while claiming he needed $1000 for a lawyer retainer. I don't know the facts of his case, but he has been very vague and we don't know what happened. A Domestic Violence charge is a serious issue for anyone that wants to express their 2nd amendment right, let alone someone for who it is their livelihood.

Taken all these issues together, it sets off some red flags in my mind.

 

 
I posted a couple of questions asking about the $8000 that had been donated to him and why he now needed more money for legal counsel... his reply was -due to the latest wrinkle I've found myself in I no longer have control over what is left of that money. So who exactly has control over this money(if any is left)? This tells me he was probably spending that money as fast you guys were sending it and kept you on the hook each month with a new deadline before he lost his house. Now he needs more money because his cat :   has got him in trouble with the law?!
And why the f**k are we not allowed to find the truth in a matter like this on a truth forum without it being deleted?

 
 http://forum.prisonplanet.com/index....seen#msg875037 
 
 
 
pffffffft

 
Thank god for the mouse scroll wheel.

Did anyone even bother to read that besides northern warrior?
 
 
eghad that story sounds like a fairy tale. DEA wouldn't be involved unless its for drugs (so was he selling drugs to make ends meet? selling his prescription $90 a pop injections???). But he's blaming everyone but him and his wife for not making payments on his mortgage, so Century 21 who is probably acting on behalf of his BANK needs to auction off the house to cover the $25,000 in back payment.

Yeah, its all about him. while he lives in a house, nearly "free"
 
 
 
eghad that story sounds like a fairy tale. DEA wouldn't be involved unless its for drugs (so was he selling drugs to make ends meet? selling his prescription $90 a pop injections???).

 
according to the transcript (yeah, i actually read it all) the cent21 agents reported some of his gunsmithing equipment as resembling equipment used in meth labs
 
 
 
according to the transcript (yeah, i actually read it all) the cent21 agents reported some of his gunsmithing equipment as resembling equipment used in meth labs

 
In all fairness, is a realty agent really qualified to discern between a methamphetamine lab and a gunsmith's workshop? Both make use of caustic solvents and strong chemicals.

I wouldn't have made that mistake, but I know what both a meth lab and a gunsmithing table look like.

Hell, I have about twenty items in my garage right now that "resemble equipment used in meth labs." So does just about everybody with a garage.
 
 
According to the transcript realty agents are apparently being trained to look for meth labs now in Colorado. I'm not entirely sure why but that is what is alleged. It also says that he basically just had guns laying all over his home. Now that doesn't sound smart even if you are a gunsmith. I would like to think a good gunsmith is much better organized and secure in what he does than that.
 
 
No one tells me anything. I never knew Century 21 was a secret enforcement arm of the NWO.
 
 
