 
 
And after the war in Iraq. will there be peace?
 
 
There is no doubt regarding the outcome of the action in Iraq. There is however, a great deal of doubt concerning the aftermath. Will Iraq turn out to be another Yugoslavia. With the different factions at each others throats. Will we the US end up being the police force that keeps these people from killing each other? How long do you suppose our forces will have to remain in Iraq to keep the peace? Can Iraq remain as one cohesive nation or will it end up being broken up into several smaller ones established along ethnic and religious lines?
 
 
Chaos?

The relatives of those killed by the Saddam regime want vengeance
The Kurds want more autonomy
The Sji'its want independance
The Muslim Fundamentalists want the US Soldiers out
.....

There is a lot that can go wrong.
 
 
And what about Iraqi leaders? Will they face trial? The first case before the International Court of Justice?
 
 
i HOPE the US will not end up policing the whole world. What a nightmare to imagine! Considering the brutality of the war, former Yugoslavia is licking its wounds rather well and successfully, given other possible scenarios that were realistically possible, don't you think? The OSCE is also doing a great job there,especially in the Kosovo region, and I believe other regional mechanisms can come into play after the war in Iraq. I wish that U.S. would not feel its duty to spread the 'one and only truth' across the world, sometimes against the world's wishes. It is such a missionary approach, so arrogant. Well at least it appears to me that way.
 
 
I agree with the arrogance of it, Dag. I also agree that while I thought yugoslavia's demise would produce a very messy situation that it has gone along rather well. Up to the assassination.
 
 
How about the opportunity to chose their own 'truth', instead of the 'one and only truth'. This is also an option.
 
 
we should be helping them to build what would be best for them as long as it doesn't create continuing issues with the rest of the world.
 
 
nothing wrong with helping anyone, that's not where i was going. there are plenty of instances when intervention may be needed and desirable. but the u.s. going into the conflict despite the un decision not to implies that missionary belief in ' the one and only truth' that the u.s. establishment seems to think it stands for. that is what i dislike.
 
 
I wasn't disagreeing with you, Dag.
 
 
i know, you wrote twice that you agree ;-) i thought roger did, at least somewhat, but hey, i am an alien, i often get things wrong.
 
 
Damn, you keep pointing out the obvious.
 
 
they pay me for that! oops,nobody pays me, i didn't say anything, where's that delete button?!
 
 
Peace after the war?

What about this scenario? (animated, funny, perhaps frightening)

 Scenario 
 
 
After the war -- there will be peace.

If we win it.

And if we win it quickly.

And if we don't kill a lot of Iraqis to get it done.

Ah...one more thing. Pigs gotta learn to whistle and fly.

Then we'll have peace.
 
 
(U.S. Army Special Forces Master Sergeant Stan Goff examines what we can expect on the battlefield when the United States begins its invasion. The former instructor of military science at West Point describes a scenario that is vastly different from what was expected last September before the Bush administration encountered effective political opposition. Denied a multi-front invasion from Turkey and Saudi Arabia, the U.S. war strategy has changed. The bottom line is that a great many more innocent civilians are going to be killed. And the first and potentially crippling breakdown of U.S. plans will happen in Kurdistan: )

The order of battle is widely available on the web, and there's no reason to recount it here. The reason is, even with all these debilities and setbacks, the results of the invasion are certain. Iraq will be militarily defeated and occupied. There will be no sustained Iraqi guerrilla resistance. There will be no Stalingrad in Baghdad. We should not buy into the US bluster about their invincibility, but neither should we buy into Iraqi bluster.

Last September retired Marine General Paul Van Riper was selected to play the Opposing Forces (OPFOR) Commander named Saddam Hussein for a 3-week-long, computer simulated invasion of Iraq, called Operation Millennium Challenge.

He defeated the entire multi-billion-dollar US electronic warfare intelligence apparatus by sending messages via motorcycle-mounted couriers to organize the preemptive destruction of sixteen US ships, using pleasure vessels. At that point, the exercise controllers repeatedly intervened and told him what to do; move these defenders off the beach. Stop giving out commands from mosque loudspeakers. Turn on your radar so our planes can see you. Because every time Van Riper was left to his own devices, he was defeating the US.

While all this is surely amusing, does it really mean the Iraqis will defeat the US during an invasion?

Certainly not. It will, however, make it far more expensive, slow, difficult, and deadly for Iraqis.

The Iraqi military won't prevail because they can't. They are weak, under-resourced, poorly led, and demoralized. What the delays mean is that the US will depend on sustaining the initiative and momentum through brutal, incessant bombing designed to destroy every soldier, every installation, every vehicle, every field kitchen in the Iraqi military.

War will inflict terrifying casualties on the Iraqi military. There will be collateral damage to civilians, even with attempts to attenuate that damage, and in case we fail to remember, soldiers are like everyone else. They have families and loved ones.

What is uncertain is the aftermath.

This is the variable that is never factored into the thinking of our native political lumpen-bourgeoisie; their deeds plant the seeds of future and furious resistance.

If half million Iraqi soldiers die, and 100,000 civilians are killed in collateral damage, we have to remember that there are at least (for the sake of argument) five people who intensely love each of the dead. And if we think of the grief of millions after this slaughter, and of the conversion of that grief into rage, and combine that with the organization of the internecine struggles based on historical ethnic fault lines (that the Ba'ath Party has repressed), we begin to appreciate the explosive complexity of post-invasion Iraq.

This invasion will also ignite the fires of Arab and Muslim humiliation and anger throughout the region.

Most importantly, in my view, there are the Kurds.

 Rest here. 

(timber, Asherman: looking forward to your input...)
 
 
PDiddie - scary
 
 
Bush is the kinda rancher that strings barbed wire across the range, drills wells and bulldozes
stock ponds everywhere, drives off the elk and antelope and bighorn sheep,
poisons coyotes and prairie dogs, shoots eagle and bear and cougar on sight,
supplants the native bluestem and grama grass with tumbleweed, cow shit, cheat
grass, snakeweed, anthills, poverty weed, mud and dust and flies--and then
leans back and smiles broadly at the Tee Vee cameras and tells us how much he
loves the West. a rather simple analogy but what the hell. I shall monkey-wrench the best laid plans of Bush and Co whenever and wherever. patriotism is defending your country from your government.
 
 
fbaezer - more frightening than funny. the people in and in the vicinity of iraq will ineed be the long-term victims. the u.s. is conveniently too far for most of it, although things may roughen up there as well.
 
 
Frank - love your response! hehehehe "pigs can..."

Dys: I see the Marlboro man somehow in your picture. Lessee, put in Bush's boyish grin, wink and somehow take away the smirking and the self-righteousness - yeah, now I am picturing him as you say. But, back to reality, NOT
 
 
PDiddie

(U.S. Army Special Forces Master Sergeant Stan Goff ] Finally someone has posted something that addresses the question. Yes, we can win the war but can we win the peace and build the cohesive democratic nation the Bush seems to visualize. If so what will it take?
 
 
I tend to agree with M/Sgt. Goff's views when he says, "Iraq will be militarily defeated and occupied. There will be no sustained Iraqi guerrilla resistance. There will be no Stalingrad in Baghdad"  "The Iraqi military won't prevail because they can't. They are weak, under-resourced, poorly led, and demoralized. What the delays mean is that the US will depend on sustaining the initiative and momentum through brutal, incessant bombing designed to destroy every soldier, every installation, every vehicle, every field kitchen in the Iraqi military. War will inflict terrifying casualties on the Iraqi military. There will be collateral damage to civilians, even with attempts to attenuate that damage, and in case we fail to remember, soldiers are like everyone else. They have families and loved ones." I would strike "through brutal, incessant bombing designed to destroy every soldier, every installation, every vehicle, every field kitchen in the Iraqi military". How we maintain the initiative and momentum may, or may not, follow the Sergeant's prescription.

There are several dictums for successful battle that appear to have been lost by the seemingly endless delays and hand-wringing. Surprise is perhaps the most important casualty so far. We appear to be forced into an advance across a very narrow, predictable front, and at a predictable time. It would have been better if Saddam had to defend on two fronts, and at an unexpected time. Delay has made it possible for the Iraq military to perfect it's defensive lines and command system. Experience tells us that it is best to pit your strongest force against the enemy's weakest point. Being forced to advance along a known route has permitted Saddam to focus his limited resources where they will be most obstructive to us. The better the defense, the more costly the assault. These are not good things, as Ms. Stewart might say.

On the other hand, our forces are well-trained, well-equipped and out number the defenders by considerable margins. The problems within the Iraqi military establishment have also increased somewhat by delay. Saddam has apparently been busy purging those who may not be quite ready to die for him. The officer corps must be in disarray, and unprepared for the coming storm. Iraqi troops are notoriously under-trained and motivated, while their logistical support is almost non-existent. Those factors and others seem to support the idea that most units will surrender after a symbolic shot, or two in the air. Our air superiority will not have been much degraded by the delays, but every day works against ground forces coiled to strike from a very difficult environment.

It sounds as if Gen. Ripper did a ripping job as OPFOR Commander. War games are intended to reveal the weaknesses in a plan, and to sharpen the combative skills of the participants. I'm sure that Gen. Franks, his staff and men will benefit from the exercise. The "winning" and "losing" of these games is less important than the lessons taken away from them. What we have to remember is that the Iraqi military is not in Gen. Ripper's class. Their doctrine is risk adverse, and avoids the sort of initiative and imagination we expect of a Marine general officer. Gen. Ripper is used to commanding the finest soldiers available, but the Iraqi command structure has never come to grips with it's own internal weaknesses.

Where I come to a parting of the ways with Sgt. Goff is regarding the aftermath and costs. I sincerely doubt that Iraqi military casualties will even approach 50,000, and the civilian casualties resulting directly from allied action should be a tenth of that. All bets are off if Saddam decides for the Gotterdamerung, and leaves Iraq a smoldering wreck. The Iraqi military is likely to be shocked into paralysis, and thrown into turmoil and panic. By the time they recover their wits they will be defeated. The loss of internal discipline and moral will keep Iraqi casualties low, if they just remember to surrender in the approved manner. With the collapse of the military, Saddam will likely be torn apart by the relatives of all those thousands he's murdered. I doubt that anyone will really mourn the passing of Saddam, and this operation is not likely to ignite any more Arab/Islamic hatred of America than now exists.

Constructing a new government while guaranteeing the safety and security of the Iraqi's will be a much greater challenge. The U.S. military will be a necessary ingredient, but it cannot act alone. The stripped pant boys and girls should get their chance to show off what they learned in grad school about building effective governmental structures. If the UN wanted to be helpful, they could greatly ease the transition from a repressive tyranny to an open society. I expect that our military will have to be very vigilent against incursions from Iran and Turkey into portions of Iraq. We seem committed to retaining Iraq as a single entity, but that may not be possible. I think that the Shi'a can be an important part of balancing the religious tensions within a new government. More difficult will be the Kurds. They want a homeland. They've fought for a homeland for many years against terrible odds. They have an essential role in the coming battle, and will deserve reward. Personally, I favor a new Kurdistan formed out of portions of northern Iraq. Unfortunately, I doubt that will happen.
 
 
 
"Personally, I favor a new Kurdistan formed out of portions of northern Iraq. Unfortunately, I doubt that will happen."
 

the US does not have a good history of forethought and consequences.
 
 
haha, that is quite true. there is always someone to do the cleanup. besides, there is little glory in that, so the motivation lacks.
 
 
Dizzy,

 
the US does not have a good history of forethought and consequences.
 

... and who does have a good history of forethought and consequences?

The sad fact is that no one ever sees the future as clearly as they see the distant past. What is regarded as a present "good", sometimes turns out to be a terrible choice. Not knowing, we are forced to find other basis for forming our policies. Idealism has a really bad record when used by religious zealots, or when used to design the "perfect" state. History is the great teacher, but the students too often are more interested in the Prom than in the dry pages of old books. It is so easy to merely adopt the current rant from a self appointed commentariat than to think.
 
 
An example of the hatreds that abound in Iraq.

 http://www.usnews.com/usnews/issue/030317/usnews/17kirkuk.htm 
 
 
PDiddie, I pretty much concur with Asherman's assessment. This particulat incident, the War Game, was discussed somewhere way back on the original Us, UN, and Iraq thread... some time in January or Febrruary, I believe. I am not as pessimistic as some... I fully expect unpleasant surprises, for that is the nature of war. My greates worry has nothing to do with the war, it is the post-war that holds the greatest peril.
 
 
Especially with these poll results. People around europe polled on how they view the US.
 Reuters 
 
 
 
i HOPE the US will not end up policing the whole world. quote]

Sadly, that appears to be the plan.
 
 
 
more than 'sadly', despairingly....
 
 
littlek

Yes & that, too.
 
 
I wish to revive this thread for one reason.
Are all the Americans are happy after this war?
 
 
Why the hell the war supporters are shouting with their silence.
Are they ashmaed?
This thread was not from me
 
 
