 
 
Letter to the 3rd Armored Cavalry from Iraqi Mayor
 
 
I have been out of town and haven't kept up with the board so I don't know if this has already been posted but it definitely bears repeating. I heard Tony Snow read it on his radio program and retrieved it from his site.
 http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,185000,00.html .... it is very special... enjoy.

Iraqi Mayor Thanks U.S. Troops

From: Mayor of Tall 'Afar, Ninewa, Iraq

In the Name of God the Compassionate and Merciful

To the Courageous Men and Women of the 3d Armored Cavalry Regiment, who have changed the city of Tall' Afar from a ghost town, in which terrorists spread death and destruction, to a secure city flourishing with life.

To the lion-hearts who liberated our city from the grasp of terrorists who were beheading men, women and children in the streets for many months.

To those who spread smiles on the faces of our children, and gave us restored hope, through their personal sacrifice and brave fighting, and gave new life to the city after hopelessness darkened our days, and stole our confidence in our ability to reestablish our city.

Our city was the main base of operations for Abu Mousab Al Zarqawi. The city was completely held hostage in the hands of his henchmen. Our schools, governmental services, businesses and offices were closed. Our streets were silent, and no one dared to walk them. Our people were barricaded in their homes out of fear; death awaited them around every corner. Terrorists occupied and controlled the only hospital in the city. Their savagery reached such a level that they stuffed the corpses of children with explosives and tossed them into the streets in order to kill grieving parents attempting to retrieve the bodies of their young. This was the situation of our city until God prepared and delivered unto them the courageous soldiers of the 3d Armored Cavalry Regiment, who liberated this city, ridding it of Zarqawi's followers after harsh fighting, killing many terrorists, and forcing the remaining butchers to flee the city like rats to the surrounding areas, where the bravery of other 3d ACR soldiers in Sinjar, Rabiah, Zuma and Avgani finally destroyed them.

I have met many soldiers of the 3d Armored Cavalry Regiment; they are not only courageous men and women, but avenging angels sent by The God Himself to fight the evil of terrorism.

The leaders of this Regiment; COL McMaster, COL Armstrong, LTC Hickey, LTC Gibson, and LTC Reilly embody courage, strength, vision and wisdom.

Officers and soldiers alike bristle with the confidence and character of knights in a bygone era. The mission they have accomplished, by means of a unique military operation, stands among the finest military feats to date in Operation Iraqi Freedom, and truly deserves to be studied in military science. This military operation was clean, with little collateral damage, despite the ferocity of the enemy. With the skill and precision of surgeons they dealt with the terrorist cancers in the city without causing unnecessary damage.

God bless this brave Regiment; God bless the families who dedicated these brave men and women. From the bottom of our hearts we thank the families. They have given us something we will never forget. To the families of those who have given their holy blood for our land, we all bow to you in reverence and to the souls of your loved ones. Their sacrifice was not in vain. They are not dead, but alive, and their souls hovering around us every second of every minute. They will never be forgotten for giving their precious lives. They have sacrificed that which is most valuable. We see them in the smile of every child, and inevery flower growing in this land. Let America, their families, and the world be proud of their sacrifice for humanity and life.

Finally, no matter how much I write or speak about this brave Regiment, I haven't the words to describe the courage of its officers and soldiers. I pray to God to grant happiness and health to these legendary heroes and their brave families.

NAJIM ABDULLAH ABID
AL-JIBOURI

Mayor of Tall 'Afar, Ninewa, Iraq

Why hasn't this made headlines?
 
 
Being a former member of the 1st and 2nd armored cav VN era...brings a tear to my eyes...good news indeed!
 
 
Being a former member of Royal Rangers, Little League Baseball, and Blockbuster video, that brings a tear to my eye, too!

 
 
 
 
Being a former member of Royal Rangers, Little League Baseball, and Blockbuster video, that brings a tear to my eye, too!

 

 

was duly noted...however my response was truly heartfelt...all jokes aside!
 
 
 
Being a former member of the 1st and 2nd armored cav VN era...brings a tear to my eyes...good news indeed!

 

I looked for this in Stars and Stripes Online and couldn't find it. I had to go to Fox Online and Tony Snow's site to get it. Being a former Air Force brat it brought tears to both of my eyes. Let's get this out to America, I have emailed it to everyone I know.
 
 
 
I looked for this in Stars and Stripes Online and couldn't find it. I had to go to Fox Online and Tony Snow's site to get it. Being a former Air Force brat it brought tears to both of my eyes. Let's get this out to America, I have emailed it to everyone I know.

 

sent a copy to my 'Bud' in training Congressman Gibbons...he is going to run for Nevada Governor...don't ya know? :usa: :cof:
 
 
Hold on, I have to bring in the liberal talking points to make this a balanced discussion.

THIS IS AN OBVIOUS FORGERY!! NO IRAQI ACTUALLY WANTS THE U.S. IN THEIR COUNTRY! ALL WE DO IS SPREAD DEATH AND LIES AND POLLUTION!! THIS IS AN OBVIOUS ATTEMPT BY THE BUSH ADMINISTRATION TO DEFLECT FROM HOW HORRIBLY THE WAR IS GOING! AND IT'S GOING HORRIBLY IN FALLUJAH, AND BASRAH AND KANDAHAR! IT'S GOING BAD IN JALALABAD, AND KABUL AND BAGHDAD! IT'S GOING BAD IN HADITHAH AND QALAT AND MOSUL AND QAL'EH-YEH NOW! AND THEN IT'S GOING TO GO BAD IN WASHINGTON D.C. AND TAKE OUT THE WHITE HOUSE! YEEEEEAAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!

     
 
 
