 
 
Girls: What kinds of clothes do you find most attractive on men
 
 
What kinds of clothes on a man do you find most irresistable and attractive?
 
 
topless
 
 
None  

Joke. Normal clothes I guess.
 
 
I like conservative clothing. By that I mean sort of not too tight or revealing or not too baggy and unpractical. I like knitwear, cardigans or turtleneck jumpers with jeans or chinos with a nice brown or black belt, in winter it may also be good to put a casual jacket on top for the urban intellectual look. In summer, knitwear isn't really practical so either thin shirts or t-shirts without graphics.  

Like this:
 
 
 
In almost every thread like this it transpires that most girls on TSR swoon for shirt-jumper combos.
 
 
 
None  

Joke. Normal clothes I guess.

 

I didn't know there is a clothing line called "none"
 
 
  I would
 
 
 
 
 
 
The one THAT STANDS OUT
 
 
 
I like conservative clothing. By that I mean sort of not too tight or revealing or not too baggy and unpractical. I like knitwear, cardigans or turtleneck jumpers with jeans or chinos with a nice brown or black belt, in winter it may also be good to put a casual jacket on top for the urban intellectual look. In summer, knitwear isn't really practical so either thin shirts or t-****s without graphics.  

 

he accidentally wrote T-sh!ts loled
 
 
Bowties and a Fez.  
 
 
Grey suits! <3
 
 
 
Yeah it's made by YOUR MUM.

 

MY MUM is dead!
 
 
Tweed  .
 
 
 
Grey suits! <3

 

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1pwVX03H2k 

15 seconds in, one of the most gorgeous creatures on the planet, in a grey suit.    
 
 
Suits. A proper well fitting suit. Though even just a proper shirt and tie is gorgeous <3
 
 
 
he accidentally wrote T-sh!ts loled

 

Hahaha! ^_^ thanks for pointing that out! Rep!
 
 
Androgynous, slightly girly. NOT Primark jeans from the women's section, that's cringey and reminds me of secondary school scene kids. Women's clothes are fine, just not those.

edit: or like something from an old film; Brideshead, Maurice, Bright Young Things etc
 
 
I just like the bog standard t-shirt and jeans combo  

Well, that or:

 

Suit up!
 
 
Whatever clothes I wear, girls just tell me to take them off.

Seriously though, what about Barbour jackets, cordoroys, old-school tailoring, country clothes. The sort that only posh people like David Cameron wear nowadays given the decline in modern standards.
 
 
these clothes

 
 
 
 
these clothes

 

Sorry, do you mean a police uniform with those black pants underneath?
 
 
 
Androgynous, slightly girly. NOT Primark jeans from the women's section, that's cringey and reminds me of secondary school scene kids. Women's clothes are fine, just not those.

edit: or like something from an old film; Brideshead, Maurice, Bright Young Things etc

 

Brideshead.   Brilliant. The TV series is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Those two couldn't be more gay if they tried. Even my friend admitted it and she loves Jeremy Irons, which is hilarious.

And woman's clothes? Really? Interesting.
 
 
Cliche I know, but suits and uniforms.   And crisp shirt and jeans is a good look.  
 
 
 
these clothes

 

chestntrapzbrah?

 
 
 
Depends what they're doing. If it's a casual day then jeans with nice t-shirts/ polo necks is fine. If it's something that needs a slightly smarter look then shirt and trousers... if it's a summer day/ we're out for a walk in the park then joggers and sports shirts are good. I mean, there is a lot that this question depends on.

EDIT to add: I much prefer short sleeves for shirts on men, fwiw  
 
 
Tops which allow me to see the collarbones..I like collarbones.
 
 
 
I just like the bog standard t-shirt and jeans combo  

Well, that or:

Suit up!

 

I would turn gay for NPH  
 
 
I really like a shirt(white with rolled up sleeves artsy ish) and dark jeans.maybe an open waistcoat and converse.I also like what Matt Smith wears  
 
 
 
Tops which allow me to see the collarbones..I like collarbones.

 

me too! (sorry to get so excited but most people I've told that too find it strange.
 
 
im a sucker for a guy looking trim in a grey suit.. (it has to be grey) or just chillin wearing a nice t-shirt w/ jeans and vans w/ a shapeup.. #mama likeeeeeeeeeee
 
 
I like jeans and shirts with the first few buttons undone  
 
 
 
chestntrapzbrah?

 

 

get on my level cuzz
 
 
Why do loads of girls say suits? Its frustrating because at what practical point will a man ever wear a suit except for a special occasion or work? (Or school in my case).
 
 
 
  I would
 
 
 
 

 

This guy can get away with his style of clothing.

I am so gonna embrace his clothing style!  
 
 
 
I like jeans and shirts with the first few buttons undone  

 

Would that be the buttons on the shirt or.........
 
 
A black suit with a white shirt is always the best.

For casual wear, regular light blue jeans with a white or light blue striped shirt
OR
jeans with a white v-neck t-shirt.

Black shoes with a suit, loafers for casual wear.
Keep it simple
 
 
 
Would that be the buttons on the shirt or.........

 

Ahaa yes, the shirt - trousers usually have zips  
 
 
 
None  

 

hai dere  
 
 
I think on a day to day basis you can't go that wrong with a white tee & open chequered shirt with straight cut jeans / distressed jeans. I like skinnies on guys but I know a lot of girls don't so you might want to steer clear. Distressed denim in general is hot.... and leather jackets. Basically I'm into rocky kinda dudes so... Skinny ties with suits are also hot.

Oh well that's just my opinion  
 
 
Any girls here like designer polo tops on guys?
 
 
Ohh I agree with lots on here, and this post too:

 
Whatever clothes I wear, girls just tell me to take them off.

Seriously though, what about Barbour jackets, cordoroys, old-school tailoring, country clothes. The sort that only posh people like David Cameron wear nowadays given the decline in modern standards.

 

Guys who dress like that = individual, different, lovely

I do love the jumper and shirt combo, especially when done with flair. Can look so nice.

Guys underestimate jewel colours like crimson, royal blue, purple, emerald green.

It's also all about presentation. A well-fitting, ironed T-shirt and jeans which are neither too baggy nor absolutely filthy can be so lovely on a gorgeous guy. A crumpled, too-small or ridiculously baggy T shirt which you clearly fished out of the back of the wardrobe this morning plus jeans which are falling down = no.
 
 
A nice crisp shirt, loosely tucked into some casual jeans. Loafers would just send me to heaven.
 
 
The skinny jean with Supra's combo never fails.

It. Never. Fails.
 
 
Suits!

Other than that, anything which suits the guy in general. Not skin tight jeans though (some skinny jeans are reasonably baggy-ish), they're not sexy on any male.
 
 
 
A nice crisp shirt, loosely tucked into some casual jeans. Loafers would just send me to heaven.

 

 
I don't on a day to day basis you can't go that wrong with a white tee &amp; open chequered shirt with straight cut jeans / distressed jeans. I like skinnies on guys but I know a lot of girls don't so you might want to steer clear. Distressed denim in general is hot.... and leather jackets. Basically I'm into rocky kinda dudes so... Skinny ties with suits are also hot.

Oh well that's just my opinion  

 

These sound beautiful. (Run out of rep.)
 
 
 
  I would
 
 
 
 

 

I love Johnny Depp but he kinda looks like a pimp in the top photo  
 
 
IMO this guy looks pretty awesome:

 http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-QEulzkXwtY...t1-225x300.jpg 

Haha...
 
 
Steam punk.

I jest (not that I would complain if I happened to meet a guy in steam punk get up   )

Hmmm
blazers
waistcoats
tank tops (as in the nerdy argyle type)
ties (either with a tee or short/rolled-up sleeve shirt
causal/lumberjack shirts can be nice too
I quite like skinnies myself and have seen a guy look dayum fine in pinstripe trousers but mostly don't mind as long as you don't wear joggers FFS
converses get me hot under the collar
cardigans
jumpers (especially stripy)

But seriously. Don't change your fashion just to pick up chicks. That's just laammmme.
 
 
 
Brideshead.   Brilliant. The TV series is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Those two couldn't be more gay if they tried. Even my friend admitted it and she loves Jeremy Irons, which is hilarious.

And woman's clothes? Really? Interesting.

 

I haven't seen it yet, just bits and pieces here and there!   Will definitely have to watch it now haha, that sounds fab.

Yeah, from just like feminine kinda things, where we could swap clothes, to people like this guy I know that always has some form of full length Breakfast At Tiffanys dress on, I think people that can pull that off look great.
 
 
 
[B]I haven't seen it yet, just bits and pieces here and there!   Will definitely have to watch it now haha, that sounds fab.[/B

]Yeah, from just like feminine kinda things, where we could swap clothes, to people like this guy I know that always has some form of full length Breakfast At Tiffanys dress on, I think people that can pull that off look great.

 

Nice.   Yeah, Brideshead is brilliant. I'd say watch the film first though. More hotness in there. Matthew Goode.  
 
 
 
I love Johnny Depp but he kinda looks like a pimp in the top photo  

 

Well, he did play Willy Wonka...

A pimp if ever there was one.
 
 
 
 
 
Not polo necks.
 
 
turtleneck and chain fo sho

no, probably some graphic tee or with a plaid shirt can look cool, with straight cut jeans, though i think skinnies are cool..if you can.
3 piece suits look rad for the dressing up times ::--))

I think its cool when they don't look like they've put much thought into it, but still manage to look fanatical!

I realllly hate v-necks
 
 
anything that david beckham would wear.
 
 
  is what you should be aiming for
 
 
cardigans and corduroys.
i hate those calf-length shorts that everyone seems to be wearing now. they just really irritate me. especially if you have bad legs.
 
 
A nice suit. Or them to have the ability to dress themselves well, or characteristically. *shrug* Otherwise confidence and a bit of personal hygiene is fine.
 
 
