 
 
USA, Canada, Sweden, Germany
 
 
... have reached the half-finals of the FIFA Women's [Soccer] World Cup.

And there's still no interest?

Link to the official homepage:
 FIFA Women's World Cup USA 2003 
 
 
Somehow women in shorts are not the same thing as men in shorts  
 
 
I want to know where Canda is?!?!?
 
 
Well, even I knew it, they aren't playing women football. :wink:
 
 
Well, hey... I watched the USA-Norway game with my daughter's old coach a couple of days ago. We had a great time as two old geezers watching 'em play. And I'm looking forward to Sunday when the USA plays Sweden (?) in Portland. We went to a few of the Women's World Cup games four years ago. There is a lot of excitement on the west coast if you know where to look.

I admit, I'm more a fan of the faster, tougher English premier league (and would be of other European leagues if given half a chance via the TV... which I'm NOT, darn it) but the women's game has its own grace. They're quite skilled and I think it's fun to watch.
 
 
Ummm, K, were the really big country, usually pink on the maps, one of the three in north america, right above the united states, just below the artic circle, between the atlantic and the pacific. Hope that help, Wilso. :wink:

I live in a fairly big soccer town, grew up playing it. In the last few years the numbers of people playing have gone through the roof, especially womens which has quadrupled in size every year for the past 5. Indoor is big because of the weather and the venues are being built to match the demand.
Walter, I enjoyed the Canada - Germany game, I was disappointed with the result, but C'est la Vie, we made it to the semis!!!!
Go Canada

Ceili
 
 
 
Somehow women in shorts are not the same thing as men in shorts.
 

And vice versa.

The U.S./Norway game was a great illustration of the importance of the goalkeeper in controlling the tempo of the game, I thought. Not enough attention is given to goalkeepers as decision makers -- the sports shows just want to see diving saves (which, speaking as a former keeper here, are way overrated, unless you're playing on concrete)...
 
 
I'm impressed you saw the game, PD! So there's soccer shown in the midwest, eh?

Cool that you were a keeper. I'm a big fan of a team with a keeper who can control the pace. It shows respect by the other teammates. There was a bit of helter-skelter out there that needed to be toned down.

Diving saves are lovely but Norway's keeper didn't need one to snag Hamm's PK. It went right to her -- kind of odd. I like set plays and it was a USA's set play that provided the only goal. Not too often you get to see a goal headed-in by a woman.

What did you think of that high kick into the mouth of the Norwegian player? That was good for two minutes of the overtime. I couldn't believe it when the announcers blamed it on the Norwegian player because she had "her head down." Gads... that kick was shoulder-high! We expected a yellow card. We didn't see an instant replay so I figured they were embarassed at how reckless it was.
 
 
Yeah, I couldn't believe she didn't get carded. I was surprised there wasn't any real retaliation. (Another difference between men's and women's sports, I suppose. We hairy types do like the pugilism.)

Dismal PK by Hamm, but the way she works her way into corner kicks -- she's got it down to an art. Take the ball down toward the endline, make as though to make a centering pass, and then tap the ball off the defender and out of bounds. I'd like to see how many of their corner kicks come as the result of her touches...
 
 
Goalies decide a match, mostly, and when they make just one only mistake, they're out, usually. :wink:

What makes me wonder a bit, is that we won last night really with such a result (7:1) against Russia. (Mostly, in any sports, when Germans are a high favourite,....   )  
 
 
One thing is known, Walter. Any German team, no matter the level of competition, will be merciless, if given the chance.
 
 
In sports, just in sports!  
 
 
um, yeah, sure.

doesn't the russian team have, like, no money, and most of 'em work day jobs or sumthing?
 
 
 
Yeah, I couldn't believe she didn't get carded. I was surprised there wasn't any real retaliation. (Another difference between men's and women's sports, I suppose. We hairy types do like the pugilism.)

Dismal PK by Hamm, but the way she works her way into corner kicks -- she's got it down to an art. Take the ball down toward the endline, make as though to make a centering pass, and then tap the ball off the defender and out of bounds. I'd like to see how many of their corner kicks come as the result of her touches...
 

About the retailiation, maybe this was payback going the other way... wasn't it somebody from Norway who broke Chastain's foot?

And yep, that's a cool technique Hamm has. Tap off the defender and it's her ball.   She reminds me of (and say boo-hiss if you want, but he's good) Beckham. It's the confidence factor, I think.
 
 
 
um, yeah, sure.

doesn't the russian team have, like, no money, and most of 'em work day jobs or sumthing?
 

Most German girls do so, as well. Amateurs, that's how we call them. (Well, some in the 'Bundesliga' are semi-professionals, half a dozen may even be called professionals.)

My niece (actually my wife's niece)
 

used to play 1rst Austrian division and was selected to the national team (played state team regularly): they just got the money for the petrol
 
 
Shocked, shocked I am that such little support goes to your women's soccer program. Isn't there an experimental state-sponsored opera that could be shut down for them or something?  
 
 
Hehhhh!  

(They are all shut already. Nearly, I mean)
 
 
She's a good-looking young woman, Walter. I'll bet she's a terror on the field. Outside mid? She has the long, rangy look of someone who could run back and forth down the lines for forty-five minutes at a stretch.
 
 
She is the hell of a girl: played until 15 only in boy's teams (they allowed such in Austria).

Your guess re position is nearly perfect: that's, wher she liked to play, had to play although more backwards.

Nearly finished university now: journalism, will (hopes to) become a sports reporter.

(Her team, btw, plays this season only 2nd federal division.)
 
 
Good luck to your niece! That's an awesome combination of strong playing skills & journalism.
 
 
I am a Chinese.
We lost the game,Canada won.
We lost the opportunity to enter the semis.
Do everyone here watched the game China vs Canada?
if you did,i think you will have the same feeling as what i want to say now "PITY".
We controlled the whole game.
Our ball possession added up to 70% while Canadian was just 30%.
We cried but these women football players are our national heroes for good.
They should be honoured and repected by the world.
Four years ago,namely last FIFA Women's Soccer World Cup,Chinese Roses got the runner-up.
Everything is different.
Everyone is in speculation.
Hope!
Pray!
My God!
 
 
Koolplay, I saw the game and you are right. However, the one weakness of the 'roses' was their ability to score. Throughout the tournament they showed their technical style but had only 3 goals to show for their effort.
 
 
koolplay - I missed watching the game, I'm sorry, but please don't feel too sad or angry at the result. There were many teams that played well and deserve respect who don't go on to win. Your Roses (what a nice nickname!) will come back. I know that in the USA, the Chinese team is given a lot of respect AND honored for their spirited play. Nobody who plays in these games deserves less.

As Ceili says, it is the goals that win, not the possession. Heart-breaking to the fans because they see so many chances that don't bear fruit.

Some Roses for you (I think I found enough for every Rose on the Chinese team)...
 
 
 
I didn't even know this was on. There's been no publicity about it at all. And that's pretty unusual in this sports mad country.
 
 
Well, I just checked that at least the online editions of the major Australian newspaper do report on this.
Some (the German) matches are broadcasted life, but in the middle of the night not many will watch.
 
 
Thanks for Piffka.
Ceili,you are right.We need goals.
Each good team must have the super ability to score.Without it,it is just like a sleepy lion.
The "tragedy" has gone.It is unnecessary for us to cry over the spilt milk.
So come on.
Beef up!
Look forward to tomorrow's two semis.
 
 
Congratulations to Germany (and Walter) but I was totally bummed by the US's play. Germany could pass to each other -- the US didn't seem to remember how to do that. And finish? What finish? Germany could finish, Germany could pass, Germany knew how to take the ball down the field and keep possession. Argggh. I'm feeling like koolplay -- a whole lot of nothing and nothing to show. Gee whiz. 3-0 win for the German girls and Germany goes on to the final. The US's best hope is 3rd place against either Canada or Sweden.

I think I'll like down with a cold compress. <sigh>
 
 
German girls beat American 3:0 this morning.
I hit it.Maybe 1:0 is the ideal finish.But the result isn't beyond my expectation.Do you know why?
Because Genman girls show their powerful and deadly ability of attack.In today's football,goals are the most significant one.Have you ever remembered the semi Germany vs Russia?The former smoked the latter 7:1,it were terrible goals.
Now the another semi Canada vs Sweden is going.Canadian first scored and took one goal advantage.
I guess German girls will laugh at last.
Waiting...
 
 
Yes,Swedish hit it.
The score now is 1:1.
what's the final?
who will go on to the final to battle against Germany?
Watching...
 
 
The tough Swedish girls took the reversal,won over the Canadian 2:1,the second half was exciting.
The final is gonna be Germany vs Sweden.
So a new champion will be created in this FIFA Women's Soccer World Cup.
 
 
 
"I hope our difficult road, the 'group of death' that we played and the quality of opponents that we played, pays off for us," Heinrichs said, "because I think it has sharpened us. It's certainly challenged us, and it's made us a better team."
 

That was before the match.

And afterwards:
 
"That may have been the greatest match in the history of women's soccer," U.S. coach April Heinrichs said.

"We had our chances... but we were playing against a great team. The margins (between success and failure) are so slim.

"I just told my players I'm proud of them, and that I would not swap them for anyone else."
 

May be that the easier way for Germany made it really easier to win.

May be, they just had a better day.

Thanks for the congrats - I'd never believed that result before!
 
 
The German team was amazing, Walter, and held a great defense with their extremely tough keeper. They didn't seem to take so many shots, but one good set play is all you need at this level of play. It was a very physical game, too... I wouldn't want my daughter to be mixing it up there on the field.

Good luck to them against Sweden, I'll be rooting for ya. (I figure, if they beat the US, then I definitely want them to win the tourney!)

Wish I'd been able to stay awake to watch the Canadian-Sweden game. Why did they play it so late???

Btw -- anybody see the streaker? Only in Portland. HAHA <shaking head>
 
 
What, you could tell he was local? Did he have fungal infection or something?
 
 
Fungus? Oh, you've missed the drought! It would be more likely lichen.

Sadly I didn't actually see him (maybe it was a her?) so I can't say. At Portland's last World Cup there were exotic dancers who marched with a band of mostly drummers. Back and forth through the stands during the game, I figured it was more of the same. This was a different venue, I think. (Horrible turf.)

Anyway, it was quite fun, actually, once you get over the shock of half-nakeds nearby. The rhythms were great... what was that band?... it was said they are a fixture in Portland. I'll go look.

edit: I think these are the ones...  Lions of Batucada 
 
 
 
Anyway, it was quite fun, actually, once you get over the shock of half-nakeds nearby.
 

You make it sound as though this would detract from, rather than enhance, the fun...
 
 
Mr.P found it immediately quite charming, as would you, I think.

So, what did you think of the "turf"? Such short-sightedness in the states to not have good soccer pitches. I couldn't believe that even in Oregon, which is known for good fields, something better couldn't have been found. And don't get me started on the rip-off of the bait & switch field at the new Seahawks Stadium.
 
 
Dunno. Didn't see the last game. And I know nothing about the field at the Chicken Coop. I know nothing!
 
 
The field used in Portland last night was a four-inch thick layer of turf that had been recently placed on a huge plastic tarp that was covering artificial turf. They showed it, it looked bad, and there was a discussion about it. They said it had bad traction and was spongy so it slowed down the runs.

About the Seahawks Stadium... this is a longish story:

A few years ago when the citizens of WA were getting ready to vote on public participation in building the Seahawks Stadium, the Paul Allen group contacted the two major youth soccer organizations that run all the state leagues and tournements outside the school system. They got all the soccer moms and dads from teams across the state excited because they said they'd make it both a football stadium and a Football stadium. Part of the deal was a grass field.

They promised real grass which is demanded by all the European premier teams (Walter, this is right, right?). They said that during the off season, the youngsters could have tournaments on a real football pitch just like Old Trafford or one of the others from the UK/Europe.

Real grass, bedded deep & that has grown in place is much safer, provides better traction, uhhh, lots of good things for playing the beautiful game. It's expensive. Some of the major stars have insurance contracts where they can't even play on anything but a real grass field. The bait and switch is that just before the stadium was to open the Paul Allen group suddenly changed the plans from the real grass field that was always promised to an artificial turf that is "almost as good as the real thing." Obviously it was their plan all along, otherwise they would have planted way earlier than they made their announcement since an honest turf field needs a year to grow. It should have been one of the first things they did. Mr.P builds schools and sometimes has to arrange for playing fields to be put in. It is Standard Practice for commercial buildings which include a grass field to clear and plant 'em immediately so they can mature.
 
 
link to  Women's World Cup Stadia info 
 
 
 
About the Seahawks Stadium...
 

Ahhh. I looked at half-billion dollar Safeco, built against people's wishes, and the miniscule monorail, ungrown against people's wishes, and didn't pay any attention to the particulars of the chicken coop. Doesn't surprise me in the least. (What does surprise me is that the esteemed Mr. Allen hasn't yet figured out that he is, as far as I can tell, unfit to own a sports franchise. Ideally, you win and make money. Failing that, you do one or the other. He consistently manages to do neither. But at least he gave folks a hideous monstrosity of a museum dedicated to what appears to be his record collection. They can demonize Bill Gates all they want, but at least he sinks his money into malaria and AIDS research instead of the Portland Trailblazers and Seattle Seachickens. (To say nothing of that Starbucks dude, old what's-his-name...)
 
 
 
a hideous monstrosity of a museum dedicated to what appears to be his record collection.
 

AMEN, Brother... I HATE that place from the outside and am too mad (too hard-headed) to spend the bucks to go in. It looks like a giant metallic worm gone mad and trying to eat the Space Needle. You make me laugh at the Paul Allen rant -- I don't follow basketball or Seahawks football, but I 'magine you are totally right about his unfittedness. I heard he pays his staff well, though.

Bill Gates became a much better man after he married, I think.
 
 
ah, whatever the reason, it happened. anyway, didn't he, like, turn thirty in that time or some equivalent (he probably started out a little behind on the emotional front)?
 
 
Congratulations to Germany who played an awesome game against a powerful US squad.
 
 
Congratulations to the U.S. girls, who shut up Canada 3:1 and have been winning bronze!
 
 
I'm getting the feeling you don't like canadians, do tell?
 
 
The reason I don't like Canada is because of all the Canadians who live there. Other than that it's a fine country. ;-)
 
 
Well, thanks for clearing that up, Craven. I'll see what I can do to clear up the problem. Maybe borrow a couple of nuclear war heads. LA is the third largest canadian city, might start there!
Ka boom
Ceili
 
 
 
I'm getting the feeling you don't like canadians, do tell?
 

Nothing at all (have been a lot around with them, when they were stationed here, and CFN had been my favourite radio radio station until they broadcasting in my region!), but the result was really 3:1 :wink:
 
 
Gutsy Germany sink Sweden

Germany started brightly and put the Swedish defence under early pressure.
Hanna Ljungberg gave Sweden the lead on 14 minutes.
But two goals from Claudia Mueller and a late strike by Maren Meinert handed Germany victory in front of more than 10,000 spectators.

Oh,  , oops,  , oh - wrong article: it's from the European championship 2001.

Nevertheless, one hour to go. May the best, we, Germany, win :wink:
 
 
Well,

a) not a very good match so far,
b) Sweden is definately the better team and deserves the lead.
 
 
Much better now. Let's see, what the extra-time will bring.
 
 
GLORY FOR GERMANY
     

 
CARSON, Calif. (Reuters) - Germany lifted the soccer's Women's World Cup for the first time on Sunday after a golden goal from substitute Nia Kuenzer gave them a 2-1 victory over Sweden.
The match had gone into extra time when Kuenzer rose to meet a free kick from midfielder Renate Lingor in the 98th minute and headed home from 12 yards out.

Sweden had taken the lead in the 41st minute when forward Hanna Ljungberg was put clear by a fine pass from midfielder Victoria Svensson and calmly slotted the ball past onrushing German keeper Silke Rottenberg.

Germany equalized just 45 seconds into the second half when forward Maren Meinert fired home after being put clean through by a pass from fellow striker Birgit Prinz.
 

     
 
 
 
I didn't even know this was on. There's been no publicity about it at all. And that's pretty unusual in this sports mad country.
 

I knew it was on - it was mentioned, occasionally, in the 7pm news - but I don't recall any footage.
The Matildas (Australian team) got knocked out early - and the Rugby World Cup is right with us - so minimal interest.

My Swedish visitor of last year has played for Sweden - but I don't know if she's in the current team or not. When I saw her in June in Sweden, she wasn't too excited. I guess that probably means she's not in the team!  

Well done, Germany!
 
 
We were at the beach and away from television broadcasts so I missed both games. I wonder if they'll be replayed?

Congratulations to your team, Walter. It is always my preference, when we've lost to a team, if they go on to win! Doubly pleased for you.

PS -- What is the German team's nickname?
 
 
The team's nickname? I don't know of any. (Actually, nicknaming teams isn't soooo popular here as in the Anglo-Saxon countries.)
 
 
German girls should deserve the crown for their generally excellent performance in this FIFA Women Football Championship.
I didn't watch the game live because it was so late here in Shanghai China.
But I got the information at the first time that in my dream Germans would lift the game for the first time in their history.It wasn't beyond my thought.
Congratulations to all the German people.
Maybe the team's nickname is "Powerful German Chariot" because of their strength and fight both as men or women.But I just guess.  
 
 
 
The team's nickname? I don't know of any. (Actually, nicknaming teams isn't soooo popular here as in the Anglo-Saxon countries.)
 

... and China... the Roses, remember?
 
 
Yes,Roses,it's really wonderful.
But do you know why Chinese football girls got this nickname?
Rose,a kind of flower,is so beautiful that almost everyone likes enjoying it.But have you ever had a close look?If you do,you may find some small thorns on its surface.So everyone will have the idea in the minds that Rose has the double character just like the two aspects of a coin.
Our football girls also have the double temperament.As we know,they are mild and full of femininity.But on the other hand,as long as they are in the court,they can sustain fierce and curel training no matter in the hot or the cold.
This FIFA Women Football Championship has been over for two days.Germans lifted the crown.But each women football team should get honoured.
Our Chinese girls are good and every people like them,like our Roses...
 
 
The matches in the "1rst Bundesliga" (First Federal Division) doubled the numbers of spectators in nearly all stadiums - up to 1,500. [Men football gets an average of 50,000.]
 
 
Guten tag, y'all
I am a big fan of women's soccer, spending too many hours discussing it at bigsoccer.

The German team truly mastered the US team in the semifinal and played solidly against Sweden in the final. I've had the pleasure of watching Maren Meinert work her magic for three years with the Boston Breakers. With incredibly creative players like that it is no surprise that Germany holds the trophy.

I was able to watch four games live and many on TV. Lots and lots of untold stories. China's Steel Roses were very disappointing. Sweden was a joy to watch. Swensson was fun to interview. Brasil should have shown better in the q-final after clobbering Norway in group play. Canada was solid, but lacked finishing power.

Norway's unfortunate demise means that they will be unable to defend their Olympic title next summer because UEFA used the WWC as their qualifying tournament. The USA should be the favourite to regain the gold since Germany will be without Meinert, Bettina Wiegmann, and, likely, Steffi Jones.
 
 
