 
 
Would people agree the most attractive women are in London?
 
 
Hi all,

Well basically as the title says - Would agree that in the UK, the most attractive women are in London? I certainly get this impression, They all seem to be around the Kings Road, Sloane square and Knightsbridge area.

I think what makes them so attractive is the way they dress and present themselves and the fact they are just generally much nicer to chat to etc..

So, TSR do you agree with me on this?
 
 
no
 
 
Yes.

London brings out the best in women. There's a lot of pressure in London to look fit and groomed as opposed to just slutty. You only have to move 25-30 miles away from central London before the perma-tanned, orange, slut-look kicks in.

I disagree with you about west London; I think it is evident everywhere really, certainly other parts of the West End, the City, the cool parts of inner London.

London women dress elegantly and interestingly and have better hair etc. And before the inevitable Northerner or Essex girl pops up...when I say London women I mean women that live in London. Not women who were born and raised in London. Plenty of the London-look girls you see are from Yorkshire or Cornwall or whatever and moved there.
 
 
 
Yes.

London brings out the best in women. There's a lot of pressure in London to look fit and groomed as opposed to just slutty. You only have to move 25-30 miles away from central London before the perma-tanned, orange, slut-look kicks in.

I disagree with you about west London; I think it is evident everywhere really, certainly other parts of the West End, the City, the cool parts of inner London.

London women dress elegantly and interestingly and have better hair etc. And before the inevitable Northerner or Essex girl pops up...when I say London women I mean women that live in London. Not women who were born and raised in London. Plenty of the London-look girls you see are from Yorkshire or Cornwall or whatever and moved there.

 

Yep, this is exactly right - you are right there are also many attractive women in the City, and around other pockets in London.

It's nice to see women who dress smartly as oppose to that god awful "chav" look that has seemed to sweep through certain areas of the country.
 
 
No what a ridiculous statement to make
 
 
All those areas are posh. Those women are all snobs, most of them living of mummy and daddy's fortune whilst the latter is away selling apartments in Dubai.

I think City of London has the prettiest women - the ones you see on the Tube in their business suits, the proper hard working ones.

But I'm straight so I can't really pass valid judgement.
 
 
But they don't have that natural, beautiful simplicity you see on girls from the country. It's always a bit try-hard...even when it's supposed to look the total opposite.
 
 
newcastle.
 
 
 
All those areas are posh. Those women are all snobs, most of them living of mummy and daddy's fortune whilst the latter is away selling apartments in Dubai.

I think City of London has the prettiest women - the ones you see on the Tube in their business suits, the proper hard working ones.

But I'm straight so I can't really pass valid judgement.

 

I think you will find that alot of them (well the ones I go out with) that hang around Sloane Square etc.. Also work in the City. I wouldn't say they are all snobs, but they are much more attractive than the majority of girls.
 
 
It depends on your sample size bro, anything less than 30 doesn't follow a normal distribution according to the central limit theorem!

I'm afraid but you sound like a  

Ofc Londoners are hot  
 
 
All depends on the person..
 
 
i dont agre

emma watson

engish sexyness

combined with french lazyness

ultra nice and ultra sexy
 
 
