 
 
As Physicians’ Jobs Change, So Do Their Politics
 
 
As doctors become more mainstream in their job roles; as they start working for hospitals more than private practice, they seem to be waking up to what is more important, and becoming more liberal in their views.

 http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/30/he...docs.html?_r=1 

 
AUGUSTA, Me. — With Republicans in complete control of Maine’s state government for the first time since 1962, State Senator Lois A. Snowe-Mello offered a bill in February to limit doctors’ liability that she was sure the powerful doctors’ lobby would cheer. Instead, it asked her to shelve the measure.

“It was like a slap in the face,” said Ms. Snowe-Mello, who describes herself as a conservative Republican. “The doctors in this state are increasingly going left.”

Doctors were once overwhelmingly male and usually owned their own practices. They generally favored lower taxes and regularly fought lawyers to restrict patient lawsuits. Ronald Reagan came to national political prominence in part by railing against “socialized medicine” on doctors’ behalf.

But doctors are changing. They are abandoning their own practices and taking salaried jobs in hospitals, particularly in the North, but increasingly in the South as well. Half of all younger doctors are women, and that share is likely to grow.
 
 
 
And I'm sure you think them following the money is a good thing.

They're more liberal in their views because....the liberals are FAR more willing to throw more money at them.
 
 
As medical technology has advanced, the economics of medical practice have changed. The changed economics are transforming the social structure of the medical profession. The result of this three-phase shift is a change in government's role in medical care.

Faced with this dialectic, conservatives bite their knuckles and whine that it is all Obama's fault.

Go figure...
 
 
So as liberals destroy small businesses (doctor's practices) they think this to be wonderful...

Amazing!
 
 
Advances in medical technology costing so much are what is destroying doctor's small businesses. Ultimately they must use the multi-million dollar equipment at the large hospitals nearby. You can't just treat someone with what is in your black bag anymore.
 
 
