 
 
FREEDOM MARCHES ON !!!
 
 
On September 11, the Missouri Senate joined the House
in voting to override Governor Bob Holden`s veto of
HB 349, making the "Show Me State" the nation`s 36th state
to pass a non-discriminatory Right to Carry Guns
(RTC) law. The veto of HB 349 was overridden in the
House by a vote of 115 to 39. The vote in the Senate
was 23 to 10. This marks only the seventh time in
Missouri history that legislators have successfully
overturned a governor`s veto.

Missouri joins Colorado, New Mexico, and Minnesota
as the fourth state this year to pass a "must issue" RTC law.

We need a statute for instruction in the public schools,
for all the public, in firearms safety n accuracy.
 
 
Full agreement with you on this point. I too feel that an armed citizenry is a deterrent against crime, and I lean liberal on most subjects, save this.
 
 
I thought this was a thread on french fries.
 
 
Well, Farmer, I can understand that some liberals
may not wish to become victims of crime.
 
 
simply stated, and quite correct
 
 
When guns are outlawed, only omsigdavid will have guns.
 
 
When alcohol was outlawed only OmSigDAVID had booze ?
 
 
You must have been quite popular.
 
 
Reminds me of 1951, when I was the only guy on the block
with a television set. Made me VERY popular.

Those who offended me during the day,
were denied access at 5PM, when broadcasting began.
 
 
This is your 4th thread on guns. Who are you trying to convince? I suggest you get some counselling to deal with this weird infatuation.
 
 
Who am I trying to convinve ??

As an integral n necessary part of the democratic process,
it behooves a citizen to convince as many of his fellow citizens
as possible of matters of concern, in this case, a matter
of existential importance, both in terms of providing for survival
of the depredations of criminals or animals,
and of keeping government in line (which was the concept of the Founders,
in putting sovereignty into the hands of the citizens,
having wrested it from from the hands of constituted authority).

If I rented space on placards on busses or subways,
wud u ask me who I wanna convince ?

The answer is: EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!

Everyone who wud desire to survive a violent confrontation.

I don't intend to stop posting, however hi the numbers get.
 
 
Omsigdavid has free alcohol?

faugh! I care not - I already have a hangover - and my own TV.....
 
 
And continue to ignore the reasons for having such a violent society. A society where the only way to deal with problems is violence. The seat of freedom, and yet the citizens are sh!t scared of their own government. Maybe the USA is not such model of democracy after all eh?
 
 
If that's freedom, you can have it. Thankfully, I'm 12 000 miles out of range of your weapons.
 
 
The desire to be successful in defending a violent confrontation
is not a "weird infatuation".

Your reasoning is very strange; one might say "liberal",
but I don't wish to use foul language on this forum.

P.S.

I wonder how u wud react, if such an emergency occurred
to one of your favorite people, in your presence.
Perhaps u'd improvise; maybe hit the predator with your shoe,
like Nikita Kruschev, or expectorate upon his person ??

In an emergency, one had better possess the necessary equipment.
Remember, EVEN IN PRISONS, criminals have secretly MADE their own guns.
THEY WILL arm themselves to whatever extent they wish,
but may freely remain HELPLESS, if u prefer.

Let the criminal have discretion as to whether your mother
or your child will live or die (if u so desire).
 
 
 
And continue to ignore the reasons for having such a violent society. A society where the only way to deal with problems is violence. The seat of freedom, and yet the citizens are sh!t scared of their own government. Maybe the USA is not such model of democracy after all eh?
 

The way to deal with a violent attack of a criminal or
a pack of wolves, or a bear is better counter-violence.
Your life depends on your having more power.

As long as we r all armed, as the Founders intended,
we need not fear government. (u have a foul mouth.)

Democracy has nothing to do with this issue.
It is self defense, and keeping government within its constitutional limits.
 
 
 
If that's freedom, you can have it. Thankfully, I'm 12 000 miles out of range of your weapons.
 

1. It IS freedom.

2. We CAN have it; we will have it.

3. I care not at all whether U have any freedom; not my business.

4. We will not waste our ammunition on u.
 
 
What if he attacks your bears with his shoe?
 
 
Oh - sorry - I have become confused - what if he attacks your mother with Nikita Kruschev?

Dammit, I know that's not right...
 
 
When the unarmed n helpless Reginald Denny
was being stomped in L.A., on nationwide TV,
from sea to shining sea, for almost an hour,
when any kick cud have been his last,
with the police having fled the scene,

I wonder if Wilso wud have been willing to counsel him
on the delights of being helpless and unarmed.

I wonder if Mr. Wilso wud have been willing to counsel
Kitty Genovese, while she was being repeatedly stabbed (to death)
in the streets of Queens, NY City, for about an hour,
n told her how much better off she
was in being unarmed n helpless.

While 12 year old Polly Klass, was bound n kidnapped by
knife wielding Richard Davis, later to be raped n killed,
wud our good Mr. Wilso have whispered in her ear how much better off
she was, in being unarmed n helpless
so that Mr. Davis had unimpaired discretion as to whether to rape n murder her ?

Is that Mr. Wilso's idea of "democracy" ?
 
 
Hving treated gods only know how many kids with GSWs, I hope that there is a special place in the hot place for folks who so ardently push softening of gun laws and engage in the vigilate fantasies OSD does.
 
 
Seems STRANGE, that some people think
they can find safety in personal helplessness.

I guess its just a liberal perversion of logic.
 
 
 
Hving treated gods only know how many kids with GSWs, I hope that there is a special place in the hot place for folks who so ardently push softening of gun laws and engage in the vigilate fantasies OSD does.
 

If u r a physician,
we depend on u to have a competent command of logic.
Self-defense is not a vigilante fantasy.
Survival is not to be found in helplessness.

When I was 8, I left NY and went to Phoenix, Arizona.
The kids in my neighborhood,
older n younger than I was, took delight in target shooting
with rifles n handguns at the YMCA, out on the desert,
or in the mountains n pine forests. We shot Thompson
Submachineguns at the National Guard; (my neighbor was a captain).
Over a period of 5 years that I was a resident, there
was never any trouble, no complaints of anyone of any age
exhibiting bad manners with firearms. At that age, we also had
fun playing "Cowboys n Indians", using toy, imitation guns.

There was never any confusion in anyone's mind qua which was the
toy n which was a functional weapon,
just as we clearly understood which was a toy, imitation car n
which was a functional vehicle. None of my friends was ever either
so psychoticly detached from reality,
nor so stupid as to get mixed up between toys n reality.

More people were killed by Ted Kennedy's car, than by any of our guns.
Yet, the fact that we had possession of commericially manufactured guns
did not stop me, nor my friends in the neighborhood
from making our own guns ("zip guns")
because it was FUN, interesting n did not take long.
(a little risky, tho; some of those things'd blow up in your hand)

Doctor, I must wonder how many of those kids u treated
had received firearms safety training in school ? or elsewhere ?
How many were wounded by sadistic robbers who shot them after
they fully co-operated, to get a thrill ?
How many of them were shot by their victims
while they were committing criminally predatory acts ?

Tell me, Doctor, have u treated MORE children wounded by guns,
or by cars ?? Do u suggest ending cars ??

Bottom line: EVERYONE HAS A NATURAL RIGHT, and a
CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT, to self-defense,
and government has been explicitly denied authority to interfere with that
 
 
OSD, not a physician, an EMT-P. Most of those kids were killed by older kids and adults who had guns, legally or illegally. The "proper training" argunement doesn't cut it with me. I see no reason for greater acess to guns. I think that the fools who desperately want their "concealed carry" permits are putting themselves and others in danger. Would you really shoot someone rather than just hand over your wallet? Would you "pull the trigger" on an intruder? What if the intruder you shot was a family member wandering around the house in the dark? What if the "bad guy' you kill in the parking garage is a homeles person who was looking for a place to sleep, but scared you by making noise? Why is killing others the only solution?
Your arguements for "self defence" often sound like arguements for vigilantism.
 
 
Would you really shoot someone rather than just hand over your wallet?
Would you "pull the trigger" on an intruder?
What if the intruder you shot was a family member wandering around the house in the dark?
What if the "bad guy' you kill in the parking garage is a homeles person
who was looking for a place to sleep, but scared you by making noise?
Why is killing others the only solution?
Your arguements for "self defence" often sound like arguements for vigilantism.[/quote]

Failure to be vigilant can cost your life. 'T was ever thus.
"Police" are relative Jonny come latelys to America.
One of the first cities in America to have them was NYC,
in which they got started in 1845. Thru out most of America,
there was nothing. Everyone had to take care of himself.
(In colonial times, in the spirit of modern seatbelt laws,
it was required by statute that everyone
who cud lift a gun be armed in going to church or to work;
guess they were losing too many Christians in transit.)
Anyway, some of these folks formed private "well regulated " militia
or just groups that were vigilante n wud follow a criminal predator,
dispensing with the niceties of criminal litigation, just hang a perp.
to a tree n go home to a fine meal. Some questions of "due process" arose,
so the "vigilance" groups got a bad name for hanging criminals too fast.
We don't have so much of that problem today. That's NOT at issue.

As of now, 36 of the 5O states have "must issue" licensure of
concealed weapons, such that the police cannot discriminate
as to who can, n who can't defend his life from violent depredation
(unless the applicant has a bad criminal history, or is an adjudicated
mental defective). In each state, crime dropped when "gun control"
laws were repealed, in favor of freely available concealed gun licensure.
NO STATE, has ever changed its mind n gone back to "gun control."
That proves they had a good experience with CCW.

When the USA was created, Bibles n guns were put BEYOND the reach of government.
It has NO AUTHORITY in that area.

U ask: "Would you really shoot someone
rather than just hand over your wallet? " I believe that's a very fine idea,
and a very valuable public service. Remember that sometimes they kill
their victims ANYWAY. Dead men tell no tales. copy ?

U ask: "Would you "pull the trigger" on an intruder? "
I believe that's a very fine idea,
and a very valuable public service. Remember that sometimes they kill
their victims ANYWAY. Dead men tell no tales. copy ?

U ask: "What if the intruder you shot was a family member wandering around the house in the dark? "
For me, that's impossible, but everyone shud know what the hell he's doing n
not act blindly, the same way that u don't drive your car blindly.
They shud have self defense training like the police n FBI. Practice.

U ask: "What if the "bad guy' you kill in the parking garage is a homeles
person who was looking for a place to sleep, but scared you by making noise? "
Well, Doctor, u shud NOT defend, if there is NO threat,
the same way that u will not defibrillate someone who is in good
cardiac health, nor will u take out your jack to change a tire if its not flat.

U ask: "Why is killing others the only solution?"
Because failure to do so, can cost u your life,
or grievous n permanent personal injury.

I imagine u knew this already, without my telling u.

A few years ago, we a surgeon who was robbed about 9PM,
as he walked along Central Park West, near Tavern on the Green,
tho he co-operated with robber fully, he was murdered just for the hell of it.

Its not enuf to shake your head n utter a platitude.
Logic requires that u DO something to prepare, before the threat presents itself.
 
 
I'll say it again. Of 30 000 gun related deaths in US each year, less than 200 are justifiable homicides by private citizens defending themselves. That means you've got a 0.67% of defending yourself with a firearm. I'd rather just hand over my wallet. But funnily enough, at age 37 not once in my life have I ever felt threatened enough to need a gun. This guy's attitude is nothing but a product of a disgustingly violent society. (and a pretty twisted mind)
 
 
Wilso, your statistics are foolishly off.
That wud constitute 4 per state per year; obvious nonsense.

U must have gotten your statistics from a "gun control" group.
They cannot carry the day by use of logic,
so they resort to mendacity, prevarication, fraud n deception;

e.g. in a study of deaths of men with guns in their houses,
they (secretly) counted deaths from automobile accidents and drownings,
if the decedent had a gun in his house while he was drowning at sea.
In an effort to exagerate danger to children,
they (secretly) counted men up to 24 years old,
secretly re-defining "children "
including gang wars over drug turf,
and 24 year old criminals shot by the police as "children" injured by guns.

Advocates of discriminatory licensure of the right
to defend one's life, have demonstrated no respect for the truth.

A retired English police officer told of how he was ordered
to distort crime statistics to conceal the upsurge of violent crime
since the English government stole all English handguns
and most shoulder weapons (e.g., counting several felonies,
to several victims together, as only one crime).
 
 
David
Are you still talking guns? It's not very often I run into your posts, but for the last year at least, all I see you talk about is guns. Are you that scared. I'm with Wilso in saying that I've never felt threatened enough to need a gun and I spent most of my life in the Boston area. Hell, I use to drive a cab until 4am.
 
 
 
David
Are you still talking guns? It's not very often I run into your posts, but for the last year at least, all I see you talk about is guns. Are you that scared. I'm with Wilso in saying that I've never felt threatened enough to need a gun and I spent most of my life in the Boston area. Hell, I use to drive a cab until 4am.
 

Methinks he's compensating for a rather tiny portion of his anatomy.
 
 
Montana, your post assumes an issue of fear.
Its not a question of emotions;
its a matter of being competently prepared for a quantifiable threat.

While u were driving around, did u have a spare tire in your trunk ?

Were u "scared" of getting a flat ?

Do u have any insurance ?
Do u buy it on the basis of emotions ?

If u DO get robbed or mutilated, will it be enuf for u
to describe your emotions to the predator ??
 
 
 
 
David
Are you still talking guns? It's not very often I run into your posts, but for the last year at least, all I see you talk about is guns. Are you that scared. I'm with Wilso in saying that I've never felt threatened enough to need a gun and I spent most of my life in the Boston area. Hell, I use to drive a cab until 4am.
 

Methinks he's compensating for a rather tiny portion of his anatomy.
 

Altho I don't wish u ill,
it wud be an interesting psychological study
to see how u acted during a predatory emergency,
if after your abject surrender, giving over your wallet
(as u put it) were not considered enuf by your tormentor.

Think of some of the things inflicted upon the populace
by Saddam's thugs. They don't have a monopoly of sadism.

If u, your mother n your child, fell victim to the discretion
of a robber n kidnapper with ulterior motives, what wud u do ??
What if he were abusive ?

Just HOPE that grovelling n begging wud be enuf ?
 
 
 
Montana, your post assumes an issue of fear.
Its not a question of emotions;
its a matter of being competently prepared for a quantifiable threat.

While u were driving around, did u have a spare tire in your trunk ?

Were u "scared" of getting a flat ?

Do u have any insurance ?
Do u buy it on the basis of emotions ?

If u DO get robbed or mutilated, will it be enuf for u
to describe your emotions to the predator ??
 

Yes I had a spare tire.
No, I was not scared of getting a flat.
Yes, I had insurance.
Don't understand the next question.
If I get robbed, it's only money.
If I get mutilated, never let my mind go there.
When I'm done sweet talking the predator, he'll be giving me money.
 
 
I can't even read his spelling. Compensating for lack of brains as well.
 
 
It is hard reading his writting!
 
 
verri difecalt.
 
 
hahaha!!!
 
 
I can't stop laughing      
 
 
man, have I missed some action here. Those of you who wish to remain victims, by whatever logic, be my guest.

being armed doesnt make one a vigilante anymore than karate training makes one a bully. The anti gun sentiment is claptrap.

ive had the experience of being shot at in anger in foreign countries. i will not allow that to happen again. You cannot defend yourself against a bullet with just a stick. Those of you whose lives are so peaceful and controlled environmentally, and whove never experienced the terror of being shot at, it takes but a second to be carjacked and shot by some felon.
Of course the odds favor me NOT being so accosted, however, I like to button down as many variables as possible, so the eMTs argument of who is the major victim today is falling on deaf ears. I am interested in protecting my family and me. Notice I did not say property. Thats all insured and scheduled. Its not worth dying or killing over.
you all seem to miss the point that a gun is a contingency item. a last resort of protection. if you choose not to avail yourself of such protection, it certainly is your choice. Maybe some day ill save your life while Im protecting me.
My guns are infrequently used at all. we all target practice but a few times a year and then the pistols only stand in readiness.
If someone breaks into my home while Im there, I assume theyve cased the place and are pros capable of deadly force. Thats my standing assumption, and Im not going to try to defend my family with a butcher knife.
As far as the 'ganging up with silly cheap shots like the" wee willy' compensation, can you do no better than that?
Statistically if youve not been threatened by a gun, so be it. Your in the majority. My house sits on a hill and rarely do we get hit by lightning in the area. BUT, I have lightning rods. I also have gotten our herd vaccinated against West Nile, even though, statistically, our chances of contracting the disease in our flock is min imal.
I never talk about guns Wilso. however, in this case i agree with Om sig, and for the most part he and I rarely agree on other things. Its a matter of logic not emotion. Being familiar, trained, and resolute in the use 9and misuse ) of a handgun is a deterrent to becoming a victim. Buy it or not, itsa truth.
 
 
You live in a gun crazed, violent society. You've allowed so many of the damn things on the street that now no-one is safe. Don't criticise those of us who find it offensive and disgusting.
Simply backs my view that the US will be the first civilised society to sink into total anarchy. I just hope you violence loving freaks don't take the rest of us with you.
 
 
UPDATE:

The New Bush-Info.Org, complete with a Howard Dwan Page and a site devoted to montioring how @nd Ammernemnt Absolutionists like OMSig have joined the Religious Fundamentalists and Corporate Elite in Controlling the GOP's Machinery may be delayed a bit.

I'm thinking of trying to spin EDIT (Moderator): Do not post links to your site. into an kind of "Portal" for the Anti-War Movement.
 
 
 
 
 
Not having a gun makes me a victim? What odd logic is that?
 
 
It appears that the only one getting postal here is Wilso.
Im just laying out my options for self protection. im not asking for your blessing, continue your life and i only wish peace and safety unto you.
please dont criticize our imperfect society by whatever you read in tabloids. there are almost 270 million people in this country who go around each day NOT getting shot. they walk unmolested in big cities. a recent pole asked, if you had to live in any city in the uS where would it be. ?
Overwhelming answer -New York City. Now what blank headed reatrd would choose NYC? its just loaded with murder and mayhem? Isnt it? Snake Pliskin is our keeper.

We have a vibrant culture that runs all over the map and renews itself every few years, so pardon me if I dont buy your stereotype.

ive spent many a time in Australia and I, of course do not subscribe to Bill Brysons observation that everything in Australia, that moves, can kill ya. I know thats not entirely true, but you do shake your boots out before you put them on, just to make sure

theres no spiders in them?

neoGuin, whats a 2nd amendment absolutionist? is that something to do with mortal or venial sins

Lowan-youre much smarter than that. Being a victim can only be celebrated in retrospective fashion. NOT being a victim requires planning, do we get the not so subtle diffrence
 
 
Postal? Gun threads always seem to go that way - sigh.

farmerman - I was not speaking of celebrating anything. I was asking you to justify your odd comment about not having a gun makes one a victim.
 
 
I will not carry a gun even if I discover somebody's out to get me. This fear of one another and the glorifying of shooting at any and everything is one more sickness we've got to overcome.
 
 
and I explained. ONCE More for the intl date line

victim is past tense.'
"I got shot, therefore, Ive been a victim"

NOT being a victim assumes contingency planning

"I am in a dangerous situation, I should be protected, so Ill not become a victim"
Maybe, for some degree of verbal continuity, I should have included "Potential" in front of the word victims but I really didnt think I had to get into a debate about what the meaning of "is" is.

as far as your reflection on the use of "postal". I was merely reflecting on the few threads Ive been a member where people would become rude, and almost violent in their language. I must say, Om sig David has always kept an extreme cool with people, while all around him he gathered all kinds of expletives and mean spirited titles from the anti gunnites. Hes been a very capable spokesman for the position and, to my knowledge, has yet to be bested in pure logic.
Course thats just me talkin and Im a gun-crazed small willied psycho liberal from the dark side.

I realize that this position (pro weapons of self defense) is unpopular among liberals but there are a number of us out there. I make no mea culpas and dont feel like Im a crazed psychopath. Quite the contrary, Im a rational responsible citizen who wishes no harm on anyone, most of all, my family.

My feelings are that most strict anti-gun folks, are convinced that no one is capable of responsibly handling weapons. Everyone, to them, is a potential threat to kill their families and neighbors.
Not So.
 
 
 
Not having a gun makes me a victim? What odd logic is that?
 

The philosophy of "gun control" is that in an armed confrontation,
ONLY the violent felon shud have any power, and

HE shud have the discretion as to whether the citizen,
his victim,
will live, or die, or be defiled in such manner as is satisfying to the criminal abuser.

The philosophy of "gun control " can be accurately characterized
as the VICTIM DISARMAMENT movement, or the VICTIM HELPLESSNESS movement;
or maybe the VIOLENT CRIMINAL SUPREMACY movement.

Perverted; the good citizen shud prepare himself
so that in such a predatory situation, HE or his family,
will have greater power than the predatory criminal or animal.
 
 
 
I will not carry a gun even if I discover somebody's out to get me. This fear of one another and the glorifying of shooting at any and everything is one more sickness we've got to overcome.
 

I will respect your right to commit suicide, if such be your decision.

I hope u will respect MY right to decline to do so (and to take effective measures against it, LIKE ARMING MYSELF),
even in the face of a criminal antagonist who wishes me dead or injured.

When u post:
"...glorifying of shooting at any and everything " u hit us below the belt,
misrepresenting what we advocate, to make us look bad.

not fair
 
 
OK: I need to remember NOT to link to my site.

Farmer:
These people who seem opposed to ANY steps to control or regulate firearms.

OmSig is an excellent example! As are many of Heston's minions.

The fact that so many of these absolutionists also seem to have strong anarchist leanings wories me as well.

As for my choice of Icon, I can distinguish fantasy from reality.
 
 
Thank u, Neo. I endeavor to excel.

When America got started, sovereignty was torn from the hands
of government (the King was "the Sovereign") n by the 2nd Amendment,
put into the hands of the citizens, by the successful Revolutionaries,
who KNEW that occasions can arise such as to justify revolution.
In such cases,
they desired the citizens to WIN over their hireling, government.

Some things (e.g., control of religions or control of guns)
were put BEYOND THE REACH of the hireling government,
so that the owner wud always be supreme.
 
 
There was great turbulance in the land,
against discrimination e.g. in seating on a bus
for a few minutes.
Liberals deemed this discrimination horrific,
but if the same victim of seating discrimination
dismounted from the bus and fell victim to
grievous bloody personal injuries from the
depredations of animals or of criminals
(having HELPLESSNESS thust upon her by
unconstitutional government discriminatory
licensure [permission] to defend her LIFE or property)
that latter discrimination has liberals' hearty approval.

Is it more important to get a good seat
on a bus, OR TO REMAIN ALIVE, in the face of an attack ?

odd liberal thinking

I wonder how it wud work out, if someone were victim:

1. to seating discrimination,

and also

2. to government discrimination
in denying her legal access to the means of competent self-defense.

Imagine that she survived a violent depredation, after leaving the bus.
She is interviewed in her hospital bed.
WHICH DISCRIMINATION will she say was WORSE ?

the bad seat ?
or prevention of legal access to the means of salvation
in a life or death emergency ??

The liberals will not give me a straight answer.
They'll pretend they did not read this,
or maybe just lash out ad hominem at me.
 
 
OSD, the problem with the arguements made by so many of the Charles Bornson Wannabes like you (aside for the obvious lack of regard for human life) is that a half skilled street criminal is likely to kill you six ways to sunday in the time it would take you to get your gun out. You only option then, becomes shooting at the first inkling of danger, which would likely lead to killing an innocent person. This is the arguement my police friends expross most frequently when they decry the availability of carry permits in Colorado. I tend to agree with them. The other frequent occurrance when folks get cary eprmits is they decide they are invincible and try to "hunt" for trouble. Again, not a good idea. Your cellmates will not be swayed by the arguement that you thought you were shooting a bad guy, and the afterlife probably won't care that you were reaching for your gun when your throat was cut.
 
 
 
OSD, the problem with the arguements made by so many of the Charles Bornson Wannabes like you (aside for the obvious lack of regard for human life) is that a half skilled street criminal is likely to kill you six ways to sunday in the time it would take you to get your gun out. You only option then, becomes shooting at the first inkling of danger, which would likely lead to killing an innocent person. This is the arguement my police friends expross most frequently when they decry the availability of carry permits in Colorado. I tend to agree with them. The other frequent occurrance when folks get cary eprmits is they decide they are invincible and try to "hunt" for trouble. Again, not a good idea. Your cellmates will not be swayed by the arguement that you thought you were shooting a bad guy, and the afterlife probably won't care that you were reaching for your gun when your throat was cut.
 

Doctor, this is false on its face; an untenable argument.

Firstly, I am not a "Charles Bornson Wannabe"
any more than a man with a jack n a spare tire in his trunk wants to get a flat.

2ndly, it wud be a terrible error, deplorable judgment,
to have "...regard for human life" of a criminal who is attacking u.
Sound reasoning requires u to address the emergency
as soon as his attack presents itself, on pain of death (meaning YOURS).

3rdly, I am sure that those police officers will henceforth
go about their business unarmed, upon the basis of their analysis
as set forth above.

4thly, we need not speculate qua whether u r correct as to what
"is likely" because we can look to history and know that your fears
have not been justified by your fellow citizens' experience.
U say that: "You only option then, becomes shooting at the first inkling of danger,..."
simply not true. U r just not thinking; u r emoting.
Your notion that "they are invincible and try to "hunt" for trouble" is a
product of your semi-hysterical pro-helplessness fantasys.
That's the job of the police.
I have NEVER heard of ANY civilian doing that.
I am aware of NO PRECEDENT for that in human history
(except the vigilantes who went out to string up criminals in the 18OOs).

The time to engage, is when one is actively attacked.

5thly, in the afterlife, I'd be MUCH happier knowing that I
did the best I cud to kill the predator, rather than passively
allow HIM discretion qua whether I will live or die, or be defiled by him.

If my defense is successful, I'll still be in the BEFORELIFE,
with my property n a big smile ( but still, not a "Charles Bornson Wannabe" )
 
 
Okay, hobitbob, life is back to normal. I disagree with you again. Carrying a gun does not encourage trouble hunting as a strong general rule, though there just have to be exceptions. If you have a carry permit, and more so if you don't), brandishing or flourishing a fire arm carries it's own penalties, the least of which is loss of permit. And what does that mean? Waving it in the air? Threatening someone? Yeah, all that, and perhaps, leaning forward in such a way the gun is visible to the person you are talking to. Beyond this, when you carry, you are not the one to hop out of your car and slap the snot of the idiot driver making the old obscene gesture in your direction. Physical violence invites official attention, which is not what you want when you are carrying. There is also the distinct possibility that 'ol Betsy becomes dislodged and hits the ground with an annoying clatter - becoming equally accessible to you and the one you have succeeded in finding trouble with.

NeoGuin's assertation notwithstanding, I am not an anarchist by any means.
 
 
I don't respect omsigdavid's so called "right" to own any sort of gun, even to shoot mosquitoes with. As the saying goes, "Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely." And guns are absolute power.
 
 
No problem, Edgar. We still respect your rights.
 
 
 
I don't respect omsigdavid's so called "right" to own any sort of gun,
even to shoot mosquitoes with. As the saying goes, "Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely." And guns are absolute power.
 

The USSC has held
in the case of US v. VERDUGO (199O) 11O S.Ct. 1O56
(at P. 1O61) that:

"The Second Amendment protects
'the right of the people to keep and bear arms' ".

THE SUPREME COURT THEN PROCEEDS TO DEFINE "THE PEOPLE" AS BEING
THE SAME PEOPLE WHO CAN VOTE TO ELECT THE US HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES EVERY SECOND YEAR. (Notably, one need not join
the National Guard in order to vote for his congressman.)
The Court further defined "the people" to mean those people who
have a right peaceably to assemble [1st Amendment] and those who
have the right to be free of unreasonable searches and seizures
[4th Amendment] in their persons houses, papers and effects
(personal rights, not rights of states, as the
authoritarian-collectivists allege of the 2nd Amendment).
THE COURT HELD THAT THE TERM "THE PEOPLE" MEANS THE SAME THING
EVERYWHERE THAT IT IS FOUND IN THE CONSTITUTION OF 1787, AND
EVERYWHERE THAT IT IS FOUND IN THE BILL OF RIGHTS.

In VERDUGO (supra), the Court indicated that THE SAME PEOPLE are
protected by the First, SECOND, Fourth, Ninth and Tenth
Amendments; i.e., THE PEOPLE who can speak and worship
freely are THE PEOPLE who can keep and bear arms.

It is most noteworthy that the Court RELIED upon its
definition of "the people". Its conclusion in the VERDUGO case
is founded upon that definition, so that stare decisis attaches,
thus creating binding judicial precedent, explaining WHO THE
PEOPLE ARE who have the said rights. That law SHOULD control
the courts, thus disabling all governments in America from
violating our personal rights to weaponry and self-defense.
 
 
David
My question is, what are you going on about? Is your right to carry a gun being threatened in any way? Since our right to have guns in intact, then what's the fuss all about?
 
 
David just likes to argue about it. He's been doing this for years. I usually ignore it, but once in a while I step in to let him know he's not forgotten.
 
 
I seem to recal years back that he was different. Oh well, On my way to the lighter subjects where I try to keep myself.
 
 
In a hurry - gotta go to work - but briefly - to whoever made the comment about not believing what they read about Oz fauna - it is all true!!! Some of 'em are right li'l buggers - however, we refrain from inviting them into our homes and placing them in our bedside tables.

Farmerman - I believe you will find that you set up a gun-owner/victim dichotomy as though this were an either/or situation - however, you have reassured me that you merely meant that victims of crime were victims of crime after they were victims of crime - true enough, but I am a little unsure about why it was worth saying?

I had written a nice long comment, but my computer ate it - I shall post it again when I return home from work. (Unless I get car-jacked....LOL)
 
 
Be careful Deb!!!
 
 
Montana:

You need to understand what makes people like OMsig tick.

Go to a library and look for an issue of "Rolling Stone" from late 1994/1995(post OK-City) that had an article about the links between the Militia Movement and the NRA.

I hope that the mod will let me post this link, but this group does a good job at looking at some more of OMSIG's "buddies"

 http://www.publiceye.org 

I myself they're more afraid of the GOVERNMENT(which they have more control over than they think, but Heston won't mention that), than CRIMINALS.

I also believe that wilso may be right--to a point:(

PS. I still need to see "Bowling For Columbine"
 
 
whew,wilso may be right about what? ranting that the US will take itself down in a sea of intramural gunfights? naaah, hes not been watching enough mad max movies and too many Godfathers.

Spin the object all you wish, for those of you wanting to dissect why trhose like us keep guns, you merely continue to demonstrate that you havent a clue.
The militia movement and the NRA are quite joined at the hip. So is the Sierra Club, the Seashepherds and the LEF, does that negate the environmental movement because there are true nutballs who burn peoiples property and try to do harm with explosives.
the sorption argument takes one group, then tries to go out and find another that elieves in some of the same things but in a more criminal means. Most of us all (not merely the non gunnites) feel that militias are nutballs. SO what?

If your closing up the "big Tent" and requiring shibboleths to be a card carrying liberal, then youve forgotten the basis for liberalism as defined by Mr Cronkite. He likened it to cats making love.
 
 
Thanks for the link Neo. I just can't figure out what the quality of life could be for people who live in so much fear. It's sad really!
 
 
no deb, you just misread the entire point. Thats ok, were many time zones apart. i was the one that, in responding to Wilsos rant, stated that I didnt believe that Bill Brysons (an author) statements that evrything in Australia will kill you. So maybe wilso wasnt right on the money about his feelings about US. He sounded a bit colicky.
 
 
Farmerman
I actually have no problem at all with people having guns, well, besides the criminals and mentally ill of course. My thoughts here are merely based on why David is running everywhere ranting about guns. If guns make some people feel safer then by all means, I think they should have them, but those of us who are secure enough without them are not crazy either. I've actually thought about getting one from time to time since we live in the boonies surrounded by wild animals, but it's not something I feel I need. I heard a pack of coyotes howling in the woods today while I was in my garden, so yeah, having a gun around does cross my mind, but then I think of all the things that could happen with a gun in the house and I lose that thought completely.
What scares me the most are people with violent tempers who have guns. I have a neighbor like that and knowing he has guns bothers me.
 
 
Having spent three years living in Baltimore, in the Butchers Hill/PAtterson Park area, I am familiar with violent crime. I have been mugged twice. The fist time, I gave the guys my wallet,and that was that. The second time, I was accosted by a drunk with a baseball bat. Again, I got away mostly unscathed. In neither incident would I have felt justified taking someone's life. I felt bad about the damage I inflicted on the chap with the baseball bat and his equally drunken friends.
In the entire time I lived there I never felt the need for a firearm. As I mentioned earlier, a skilled assailant can kill you with a knife or similar object in the time it takes one to access a pistol. In addition, a pistol is of little use against a smack on the noggin from behind. A better tool is a sense of awareness and a concerted effort to stay out of bad areas.
 
 
I agree hob.
 
 
 
David
My question is, what are you going on about?
Is your right to carry a gun being threatened in any way?
Since our right to have guns in intact, then what's the fuss all about?
 

Some jurisdictions are in violation.
There are some governmental interferences,
including discriminatory licensure of the right to defend your existence;
e.g., a few years ago, in Merced, California, several children perished
in the Carpenter family,
to a murdering burglar who cut the fone line before entering
and who repeatedly stabbed them with agricultural implements,
while they were not able to open their gun locker.
Their parents left it locked, but neglected to tell the kids
where the key was (they were expert shots) when parents left the home.
Several lives were lost to "safe storage" laws; good n SAFE FOR THE MURDERER by operation of law.

Leftists never tire of devising harassments of gun owners.
 
 
Are you suggesting that guns should be left unlocked in a home where children reside? I hope you tell me I'm wrong. And what's with this lefties crap? I'm talking as a human being and not a politician.
 
 
 
Montana:

You need to understand what makes people like OMsig tick.

Go to a library and look for an issue of "Rolling Stone" from late 1994/1995(post OK-City) that had an article about the links between the Militia Movement and the NRA.

I hope that the mod will let me post this link, but this group does a good job at looking at some more of OMSIG's "buddies"

 http://www.publiceye.org 

I myself they're more afraid of the GOVERNMENT(which they have more control over than they think, but Heston won't mention that), than CRIMINALS.

I also believe that wilso may be right--to a point:(

PS. I still need to see "Bowling For Columbine"
 

Back in the 196Os, some of us believed that the American
defense from the onslaught of communism was so weak n feeble,
that communism wud win, because it was more evil, more brutally energetic,
and more practical about getting the job DONE of dominating the world.
Some of them organized small militia groups, to die resisting the Reds.
I was too lazy to join militia, tho I did work in political campaigns.
I'm sure that they have been defunct for many years,
tho I don't see that it matters; waste of time. This had NOTHING to do with the NRA.
At NRA meetings, no one brings up the subject of any militia.
No one seems to care. Its not as if there were NRA SIGs about militia,
not that it wud mattter anyway.

What we DO discuss is fighting against discriminatory licensure
of the right of self-defense, (preferring "equal protection of the laws") or
against registration to tell police where to go to steal everyone's guns,
as a prelude to government taking over the country.

Neo is right about our distrust of government.
I'm a little perplexed that Neo seems to regard militia as important.
 
 
 
Are you suggesting that guns should be left unlocked in a home where children reside?
I hope you tell me I'm wrong. And what's with this lefties crap?
I'm talking as a human being and not a politician.
 

I did not infer that u were a candidate for political office.
I freely BELIEVE that u r a human being; I'd be very surprized if that were not the case.

Sadly, millions of human beings prefer authoritarianism &
collectivism over personal freedom. I heard that many Russians wept when Stalin died.

I favor personal freedom n individualism.

As to kids, I grew up with guns since the age of 8.
I felt rather insecure, home alone, until I acquired my first gun, at that age.
The other kids in my neighborhood in Phoenix, Arizona
older n younger than I was were well armed n we went target shooting a lot.

I advocate firearms safety training in the schools,
like driver's ed, or swimming. In the 5 years n 1 day that I resided
in Phoenix, no one ever complained of any person of any age
exhibiting bad manners with firearms; no trouble.
We were better behaved than the New York City Police Dept.
We never poured beer down hotel escalators n slid down, naked.
We never clowned around at anyone's birthday party n shot the birthday boy thru the head, as the NYPD did
(where I live).

More people were killed by Ted Kennedy's car, than by any of our guns.
Children have been robbed; children have been sexually violated,
children have been murdered. People of all ages have the natural,
and constitutional, rights of self-defense. Safety will be found in training.

U may disapprove, but they have the RIGHT to live ANYWAY.

The Carpenter children had the right to live,
but gun control "safe storage" laws prevailed instead.

I guess liberals will be GLAD that they cud not open the gun safe.
 
 
You may not have used those guns to kill, but people are killed every day from children who got hold of their parents unlocked guns. Some are accidents and some are not. Children are not responsible enough to be dealing with such a dangerous weapon and many adults out there aren't responsible enough to have guns either. There are a lot of angry people in this world and when you put a gun in their hands, people die. It would be nice if the world was filled with mostly people who are level headed, but the fact is that it's not and the more guns their are, the more people from them.
 
 
 
Having spent three years living in Baltimore, in the Butchers Hill/PAtterson Park area, I am familiar with violent crime. I have been mugged twice. The fist time, I gave the guys my wallet,and that was that. The second time, I was accosted by a drunk with a baseball bat. Again, I got away mostly unscathed. In neither incident would I have felt justified taking someone's life. I felt bad about the damage I inflicted on the chap with the baseball bat and his equally drunken friends.
In the entire time I lived there I never felt the need for a firearm. As I mentioned earlier, a skilled assailant can kill you with a knife or similar object in the time it takes one to access a pistol. In addition, a pistol is of little use against a smack on the noggin from behind. A better tool is a sense of awareness and a concerted effort to stay out of bad areas.
 

Such situations must be handled individually, as u judge them at the time,
but u shud not lose sight of the fact that some victims have had to
fight for their lives, n criminals don' t always make an appointment.

U say: "a skilled assailant can kill you with a knife or similar object
in the time it takes one to access a pistol. " That sounds more like a
deliberate murder than a robbery. Logically, the arguments that u
set forth above don't prove that u shud not be as prepared as possible.

U say: "In the entire time I lived there I never felt the need for a firearm."

There was a lady in Florida, Susan Gonzales, who feared n detested guns.
She requested her husband not to have any guns in their house, especially with their children there.

One night, 2 criminals broke down their front door.
They entered her home, shot Mrs. Gonzales twice, and shot her husband as he lay in his bed.
Franticly, she scrambled to get the OBJECT OF ABHORENCE:
her husband's 9 shot.22 caliber revolver.

She grabbed it up and killed one of the criminals. The other fled, after she shot him too.
Altho it cud be POSSIBLE that the criminals might have allowed Mrs. Gonzales' children to LIVE
(if they did not care that the children'd complain to the police and testify against them in court)
Mrs. G was not willing to confide the lives of her children to the discretion of the men who shot both of their parents.
We need to understand that this attack was STOPPED by the presence of an UNLOCKED gun in the home.
Without it, the murders of the parents and children probably would have contined until all the children were dead.
That gun was the INSTRUMENT OF LIFE for the Gonzales family.

After hospitalization, the Gonzales recovered from their wounds.
She became a public speaker in support of the right to keep and bear arms,
and takes her.38 Taurus revolver everywhere with her.

Wise is he who learns from his mistakes, but wiser is he who learns from the mistakes of others.
 
 
 
You may not have used those guns to kill, but people are killed every day from children who got hold of their parents unlocked guns. Some are accidents and some are not.
=======

MY RESPONSE:
If they wish to murder, they can do so by MANY means.
People (of ANY age) did not wait until guns were invented to start murdering.

As to accidents, safety training will suffice; it did.

=======

Children are not responsible enough to be dealing with such a dangerous weapon and many adults out there aren't responsible enough to have guns either.

=======

MY RESPONSE:
Regardless, they have the RIGHT of self-defense n to the means thereof;
i.e., government has never been granted authority to interfere.

=======

There are a lot of angry people in this world
and when you put a gun in their hands, people die.

=======

MY RESPONSE:
By that reasoning,
no one shud be allowed use of a hammer, a knife, nor a car.
Right ???

=======

It would be nice if the world was filled with mostly people who are level headed, but the fact is that it's not and the more guns their are, the more people from them.
 

=======

The citizens retained the right of deciding what armament to use,
the same as to decide their own religions.
 
 
 
Thanks for the link Neo.
I just can't figure out what the quality of life could be for people who live in so much fear.
It's sad really!
 

Admittedly, I was a little ill-at-ease until I acquired my first gun,
at age 8, but upon possessing it, n using it for target practice,
after safety instruction,
any such "fear" abated peacefully. never returned
(but thank u both for your concern)
 
 
Montana:

Find the article in "Rolling Stone" and check out "Public Eye". And it may give you a glimpse.

The problem is that they should be in fear of what the NRA's "Buddy" John Ashcroft is doing--but wait, he has the NRA "Seal Of Approval"
 
 
This whole thing about guns baffles me completely. Here in the UK the only people who have guns are the police, farmers for pest control (under strict licence) members of shooting clubs (who I believe have to leave the weapons at the club) and a handful of drug-dealers (who mainly use them to shoot each other in turf wars). I assume that the US is too far down the path of public gun-ownership to change now, but it's a real shame that you're all stuck with them forever. I hope the UK never has general public gun ownership.
 
 
 
no deb, you just misread the entire point. Thats ok, were many time zones apart. i was the one that, in responding to Wilsos rant, stated that I didnt believe that Bill Brysons (an author) statements that evrything in Australia will kill you. So maybe wilso wasnt right on the money about his feelings about US. He sounded a bit colicky.
 

LOL Farmerman - I got the point all right - just havin' a little fun with you...
 
 
 
Montana:

Find the article in "Rolling Stone" and check out "Public Eye". And it may give you a glimpse.

The problem is that they should be in fear of what the NRA's "Buddy" John Ashcroft is doing--
but wait, he has the NRA "Seal Of Approval"
 

Truth be told,
I am not satisfied with Ashcroft's work.
He cud have been and HE SHUD HAVE BEEN much more aggresive in ending all "gun control" laws in America.

He only came out with one watered down opinion
that cud have gone much further than it did. He does not get a high grade.
He shud be ASHamed of himself.
 
 
 
This whole thing about guns baffles me completely. Here in the UK the only people who have guns are the police, farmers for pest control (under strict licence) members of shooting clubs (who I believe have to leave the weapons at the club) and a handful of drug-dealers (who mainly use them to shoot each other in turf wars). I assume that the US is too far down the path of public gun-ownership to change now, but it's a real shame that you're all stuck with them forever. I hope the UK never has general public gun ownership.
 

Your Highness,
Permit me to explain it simply:
Occasionally, one may fall victim to the violent depredations
of criminals or of animals.
In such situations survival can depend upon swift access to effective emergency equipment,
because it is imperative that the victim have MORE power than
(or at least EQUAL power to) the predator.

Innocent, unarmed people have been eaten, while they live.
Man has gained dominion over his environment by TOOLMAKING.
When faced with an emergency, one needs the requisite tool.
Its ABSENCE can result in a painful end.
 
 
Oh joy, another Abuzz veteran joins A2K. Welcome, Dave!
 
 
Thanx, D'artagnan !
 
 
 
Your Highness,
Permit me to explain it simply:
Occasionally, one may fall victim to the violent depredations
of criminals or of animals.
In such situations survival can depend upon swift access to effective emergency equipment,
because it is imperative that the victim have MORE power than
(or at least EQUAL power to) the predator.

Innocent, unarmed people have been eaten, while they live.
Man has gained dominion over his environment by TOOLMAKING.
When faced with an emergency, one needs the requisite tool.
Its ABSENCE can result in a painful end.
 

1) There are no wild animals in the UK capable of eating any person larger than a new-born baby. Hence, no guns needed.
2) If the vast majority of criminals in the UK don't have guns, why do the public need them? The reason burglars here don't have guns is because they don't need them. They can break into a house and threaten the residents effectively with knives or bats, as the residents themselves don't have guns, because the crimanals don't have them - do you see how it works? We've managed so far to avoid the spiral of gun ownership that you lot have got yourselves into for that very reason.
3) The correct way to address a duke is "Your Grace", or "My Lord Duke". "Your Highness" would be used for a prince or princess.

If you had the chance of removing ALL guns from society - police, criminals, terrorists & the general public - would you take it? Or would you prefer things the way they are?
 
 
Those people that got shot by the sniper a few months ago. What good would a magnum in their pocket have been? But if the sniper hadn't been able to get a long range weapon specifically designed for the purpose of killing human beings, they'd still be here. But lets not let the truth interfere with the gun lobby's view of the world.
 
 
Wilso:

But OmSig and his ilk would say that eveyone shuld be able to get on of those rifles.

And you little sipral goes on!
 
 
 
Those people that got shot by the sniper a few months ago. What good would a magnum in their pocket have been?
But if the sniper hadn't been able to get a long range weapon specifically designed for the purpose of killing human beings, they'd still be here. But lets not let the truth interfere with the gun lobby's view of the world.
 

1. The fact that a gun is not a panacea for each n every concievable ill
does not mean that they r devoid of value.

2. I personally don't favor magna;
too much power produces overpenetration, a waste n dangerous.
I have only 1 magnum; not a fighting gun.

3. U assume, in error, that people can't make their own guns
(nor steal them, nor buy them from blackmarket gunsmiths).
I made them, as a child, tho we had quite a few commericially
manufactured guns; ez, fast & fun to make (tho not as fast as a
backyard bomb).

4. The "truth" is that repeatedly, EVEN IN PRISONS, criminals secretly
make their own guns, discovered when they accidentally have shot
themselves. Some years ago, they even made a fully functional
submachinegun in the prison workshop, one part at a time,
with the guards around. They shot their way out. Got caught
when they drove into a tree, with guards in hot pursuit.
 
 
Out of interest, David, how many guns/rifles do you have?
 
 
 
Wilso:

But OmSig and his ilk would say that eveyone shuld be able to get on of those rifles.

And you little sipral goes on!
 

I own better, more accurate, and MUCH longer range rifles than that.
Everyone who so desires ALREADY IS fully able to get better
equipment than that (it has ALWAYS been that way),
but in terms of numbers,
not even one percent of the number of people
who were hit by lightning, or the number of people who drowned,
were ever shot by sniper shootings.
Years go by; decades pass, with no sniper shootings. That's Y its news
if it happens. Dog bites man is not news; man bites dog is news.

just got more press coverage; sensationalism
 
 
 
Out of interest, David, how many guns/rifles do you have?
 

I am not sure. I have not counted them.

Collection is growing, like my old gold coins.
 
 
 
Out of interest, David, how many guns/rifles do you have?
 

I am not sure.

Collection keeps growing, like my old gold coins.
 
 
Just a rough guess - 5, 20, 50? I'm mainly curious as to why you need more than a couple to defend yourself or your property? Don't get me wrong, if you want loads of guns and your country's laws allow you, then have as many as you like.

As I asked earlier, if you could magically get rid of all the guns in the world - including military/police/criminals/anyone, would you do it?
 
 
 
 
Your Highness,
Permit me to explain it simply:
Occasionally, one may fall victim to the violent depredations
of criminals or of animals.
In such situations survival can depend upon swift access to effective emergency equipment,
because it is imperative that the victim have MORE power than
(or at least EQUAL power to) the predator.

Innocent, unarmed people have been eaten, while they live.
Man has gained dominion over his environment by TOOLMAKING.
When faced with an emergency, one needs the requisite tool.
Its ABSENCE can result in a painful end.
 

1) There are no wild animals in the UK capable of eating any person larger than a new-born baby. Hence, no guns needed.
2) If the vast majority of criminals in the UK don't have guns, why do the public need them? The reason burglars here don't have guns is because they don't need them. They can break into a house and threaten the residents effectively with knives or bats, as the residents themselves don't have guns, because the crimanals don't have them - do you see how it works? We've managed so far to avoid the spiral of gun ownership that you lot have got yourselves into for that very reason.
3) The correct way to address a duke is "Your Grace", or "My Lord Duke". "Your Highness" would be used for a prince or princess.

If you had the chance of removing ALL guns from society - police, criminals, terrorists & the general public - would you take it? Or would you prefer things the way they are?
 

I have confidence that u will BECOME a prince.

I prefer that everyone who can lift a gun
and who has learned how to safely handle guns, be well armed;
perhaps legally mandatory, or tax benefits.

Violent recidivistic criminals shud be removed n isolated
from polite society; either in secure prisons,
or the olde Botany Bay principle.
 
 
 
I have confidence that u will BECOME a prince.

I prefer that everyone who can lift a gun
and who has learned how to safely handle guns, be well armed;
perhaps legally mandatory, or tax benefits.

Violent recidivistic criminals shud be removed n isolated
from polite society; either in secure prisons,
or the olde Botany Bay principle.
 

Thanks for the promotion!

The chance of me being shot in the UK is less than the chance of me being run-over crossing the street. I therefore do not need a gun.

The only reason I posted in this topic was because I thought a debate of this nature would be interested in the point of view of someone living outside of a gun culture.

I still maintain that if guns are not needed, why have them? You obviously feel you need them, so have them!

Incidently I have actually made enquiries before about joining a shooting club, as I would like to try sports shooting, but the cost of the rifles put me off. Maybe when I'm rich and old with time on my hands...
 
 
Grand duke, save your fingers some work. There's as little point in bashing your head against a brick wall as there is in trying to talk sense to a conservative (read Nazi). Just sit back and watch the US dissolve under the weight of their greed and violence.
 
 
 
Grand duke, save your fingers some work. There's as little point in bashing your head against a brick wall as there is in trying to talk sense to a conservative (read Nazi). Just sit back and watch the US dissolve under the weight of their greed and violence.
 
Wilso:

Do you believe this collapse is inevitable?

Or can it be prevented. I believe it can be prevented but it will take work.

One step is breaking the control that OMSig and his ilk, among others, have over this country.

NOTE TO MOD: If this may merit another topic, please PM me!
 
 
 
 
I have confidence that u will BECOME a prince.

I prefer that everyone who can lift a gun
and who has learned how to safely handle guns, be well armed;
perhaps legally mandatory, or tax benefits.

Violent recidivistic criminals shud be removed n isolated
from polite society; either in secure prisons,
or the olde Botany Bay principle.
 

Thanks for the promotion!

The chance of me being shot in the UK is less than the chance of me being run-over crossing the street. I therefore do not need a gun.

The only reason I posted in this topic was because I thought a debate of this nature would be interested in the point of view of someone living outside of a gun culture.

I still maintain that if guns are not needed, why have them?
You obviously feel you need them, so have them!
=======
THANK U.
=======

Incidently I have actually made enquiries before about joining a shooting club, as I would like to try sports shooting, but the cost of the rifles put me off. Maybe when I'm rich and old with time on my hands...
 

In America, everyone's chance of falling victim to a traffic accident
is 1OOOs of times greater than of affliction from gunshot wounds
(take it from a retired attorney who's done a lot of personal injury work).

Whenever a citizen falls victim to the attacks
of a criminal or an animal, he needs fine quality emergency equipment
(swiftly).

Because of the drastic increase of crime in England since
guns were banned, I predict that u will have a re-surgence of guns there,
with a resultant "gun culture". The Swiss have no problem with
fully automatic weapons all around. They have a good "gun culture".
 
 
 
Whenever a citizen falls victim to the attacks
of a criminal or an animal, he needs fine quality emergency equipment
(swiftly).

* Not sure of the relevance, but I agree with medical treatment of the injured! It's been about 500 years since any man-eating animals stalked these fair lands. *

Because of the drastic increase of crime in England since
guns were banned, I predict that u will have a re-surgence of guns there,
with a resultant "gun culture".
 

I haven't noticed any drastic increase in crime where I live or indeed anywhere else in Britain. It's true that reported crime is increasing, but these are not murders & armed-robberies but muggings & thefts by smack-heads for drug money. They usually use knives because they would have sold their guns long ago for money to buy smack!

I'm just really really glad to live 2,000 miles away from America.
 
 
 
Just a rough guess - 5, 20, 50? I'm mainly curious as to why you need more than a couple to defend yourself or your property? Don't get me wrong, if you want loads of guns and your country's laws allow you, then have as many as you like.

As I asked earlier, if you could magically get rid of all the guns in the world - including military/police/criminals/anyone, would you do it?
 

I wud NOT do it. To the contrary, I wud consider legally multiplying
the tax burden of any person who did NOT arm himself,
after learning the safe handling of guns (n after removing all violent
recidivistic felons from the North American Continent).

Tho the primary value of guns is their functional defensive effectiveness, I must acknowledge their esthetic value.
I have been acosted a goodly number of times at gunnery ranges,
by strangers wishing to see the beauty of my ordnance.
Y do some folks collect stamps ? Shud they have a maximum number ?
Shud I have a maximum number imposed on my gold coin collection ?

Its NOT that my country's laws "allow" me to have guns.
Its that when government was created here, after the minions
of George Hanover were evicted, that government explicitly was NOT
granted any power to control guns; they were put beyond its reach,
such that any exercise of political power over guns is a usurpation
of ultra vires activity.

Because of the 2nd Amendment to our Constitution,
sovereignty is vested in the CITIZENS, not in government.
 
 
 
 
Whenever a citizen falls victim to the attacks
of a criminal or an animal, he needs fine quality emergency equipment
(swiftly).

* Not sure of the relevance, but I agree with medical treatment of the injured! It's been about 500 years since any man-eating animals stalked these fair lands. *

Because of the drastic increase of crime in England since
guns were banned, I predict that u will have a re-surgence of guns there,
with a resultant "gun culture".
 

I haven't noticed any drastic increase in crime where I live or indeed anywhere else in Britain. It's true that reported crime is increasing, but these are not murders & armed-robberies but muggings & thefts by smack-heads for drug money. They usually use knives because they would have sold their guns long ago for money to buy smack!

I'm just really really glad to live 2,000 miles away from America.
 

I remember reading (among other things) an account from a retired
English police officer who told of being forced to falsify statistics
to conceal the drastic upsurge in crime; e.g., he had to count several
felonies as one crime if theyall happened at the same time n place,
even if to several victims. I've heard that some of your newspapers
have denounced the drasticly greater crime n influx of guns.
 
 
<<* Not sure of the relevance, but I agree with medical treatment of the injured!
It's been about 500 years
since any man-eating animals stalked these fair lands. * >>

I guess St. George took care of that ??
 
 
<<I haven't noticed any drastic increase in crime where I live or indeed anywhere else in Britain. It's true that reported crime is increasing...>>

Well, for that matter, I have never witnessed
a crime taking place, tho I've had occasion to work
in some "hi crime" areas, n seen the police in hot pursuit.

Altho, I DID get shot at, on the road
coming home from my girlfriend's house.
 
 
The fact that you don't know how many guns you have David tells a story in itself.

Psssst.... Stamps don't kill!
 
 
At the risk of stating the obvious, this thread is beginning to resemble a filibuster. One involves oneself in it at risk of one's interest in staying alert...
 
 
 
The fact that you don't know how many guns you have David tells a story in itself.

Psssst.... Stamps don't kill!
 

Yeah ! That can be a PROBLEM, e.g. if u r on a fishing trip
n a pack of wolves or a cougar goes to nibbling on u,
the stamps will be entirely USELESS, because they CAN'T KILL,
when your survival requires KILLING, on an urgent basis; or

if a burglar hopped up on PCP cuts your fone line and
breaks in on u in your bedroom and starts killing your family in front of u,
your stamp collection will be of no avail because STAMPS DON'T KILL,
and u desperately NEED something that WILL KILL (like Mrs. Susan Gonzales).

GOT THE IDEA ?
 
 
As a matter of general interest:

I imagine that Neo was just endeavoring to be offensive n to hit me
below the belt, in referring to me as a Nazi,

but I wish to make the point that I oppose all forms of socialism,
be thay Hitler's National Socialism, Marx' international socialism,
Fabian socialism or any other form (other than purely voluntary,
e.g., some people who freely opt to form a commune n hold
their property in common).

I favor rugged INDIVIDUALISM

with weak n feeble government unobtrusively
hovering in the background of life, like a little sparrow fart.

Perhaps that is Neo's impression of Nazism.

N.B.: This description applies only to DOMESTIC practice,
NOT to national defense, nor to foreign policy,
which is very different.
 
 
 
 
Out of interest, David, how many guns/rifles do you have?
 

I am not sure.
Collection keeps growing, like my old gold coins.
 

Tonight was a good night.

I visited my favorite gun store, and altho I cud not get my intended gun,
I got 5 others: 4 revolvers and a pistol. I am pleased
 
 
Oh brother!!! We're all in trouble now!
 
 
 
Oh brother!!! We're all in trouble now!
 

MY guns r on the side of GOOD.

I support truth, justice, n the American way
 
 
Ok, so what happens if you're not home and some killing nut case breaks into your house and steals all your guns and then comes back to kill you with them along with anyone else they decide to kill along the way? Then they keep a few of the ones they really like and sell the rest of them to a bunch of other nut cases who think killing is cool
 
 
My 8OO pound gun safe
 
 
I figured as much ;-)

Happy trails.
 
 
Montana, give up. Big gun, small something else. In reply to another question, yes, if OmSig and his ilk retain control, then I do believe the dissolution of the US is inevitable. If the US current rate of imprisonment continues unabated, then by the year 2150, every US citizen will either be in prison, or working in one. Doesn't make for a very productive society.
 
 
I did give it up Wilso ;-) What else could I possibly say?
 
 
 
<snip...>
If the US current rate of imprisonment continues unabated,
then by the year 2150, every US citizen will either be in prison,
or working in one. Doesn't make for a very productive society.
 

The anti-drug laws shud be repealed.
They were always basicly unAmerican, n devoid of jurisdiction.
Government ultra vires activity.
 
 
HOLD ON HERE:

When did I ever call you a "Nazi"?

PS. It looks like the 2nd Ammendment Absolutionists may have played some "Dirty Pool":

 http://www.buzzflash.com/contributors/03/09/16_sudbay.html 

 http://www.stltoday.com/stltoday/news/stories.nsf/News/40E0CEF6E8826E4286256DA30015CFF5?OpenDocument&Headline=GOP+fund+paid+for+Dolan's+trip+from+Cuba 
 
 
He didn't, David. He was quoting Wilso.

 
 
Grand duke, save your fingers some work. There's as little point in bashing your head against a brick wall as there is in trying to talk sense to a conservative (read Nazi). Just sit back and watch the US dissolve under the weight of their greed and violence.
 
Wilso:

Do you believe this collapse is inevitable?

Or can it be prevented. I believe it can be prevented but it will take work.

One step is breaking the control that OMSig and his ilk, among others, have over this country.

NOTE TO MOD: If this may merit another topic, please PM me!
 
 
 
 
HOLD ON HERE:

When did I ever call you a "Nazi"?

PS. It looks like the 2nd Ammendment Absolutionists may have played some "Dirty Pool":

 http://www.buzzflash.com/contributors/03/09/16_sudbay.html 

 http://www.stltoday.com/stltoday/news/stories.nsf/News/40E0CEF6E8826E4286256DA30015CFF5?OpenDocument&Headline=GOP+fund+paid+for+Dolan's+trip+from+Cuba 
 

My apologies, Neo.

U were indeed quoting Wilso in calling me a Nazi.
U both had me under disdainful attack
(tho I can't imagine Y ),
such that I fell into error as to WHICH of u accused me of being a Nazi.

I just desired to make the point
that I favor weak n feeble government (domesticly),
and I condemn n reject authoritarianism as anathema.

I support the "cult of the individual" that Hitler despised.

As to the "dirty pool":
there is nothing "dirty" about taking back what is n has always been RIGHTFULLY YOURS.

By the 2nd and 9th Amendments (among other things)
the right to keep n carry guns was put beyond the reach of any government.
It is only by a USURPATION of power
and by ultra vires government activity, beyond its jurisdiction,
that our rights to do so have been infringed.
It is perfectly proper to fight back in all available ways.
It matters not how his travel was paid, as long as he got there
to defeat the unconstitutional
and unAmerican infringement of individual rights. HOOOORAAAAYYYY !!!!!

Wonderful news for EVERYONE, except criminals.
 
 
Every time laws for the discriminatory licensure
of the right to defend your life are REPEALED,
replaced by CCW, crime drops. Lives r saved.

In 2OO3, four states did so.
NO state has EVER changed its mind and returned to
discriminatory licensure. Accordingly, the movement
of Freedom to bear arms in one's own defense is GAINING MOMENTUM,
but is running out of states that have not already adopted it.

Soon, California, NY, n Mass. will be the only states
wherein said discrimination continues to serve
as O.S.H.A. for criminals, protecting them from personal injuries
on-the-job, from the defensive efforts of their victims,
before the criminals slaughter their prey.

Most violent criminals,
in FEAR of their lives, will migrate to those remaining non-free jurisdictions,
thereby drasticly elevating their crime rates,
while the other 47 states live in relative peace
(as e.g., Vermont has always had very little crime,
year after decade, and has NEVER had any gun laws).

Thus, a study in contrasts will exist: side by side.
How long will the the citizens be able to bear the pain
of the extra crime, resulting from the authoritarian,
anti-selfdefense philosophy of their political leaders ?????????

not long, I think
 
 
I once heard a quote that said:

"Fascism will come to America under the guise of opposition to fasicsm"(or something to that effect).

Perhaps a turn of that phrase is in order.

"The real anarchists are the ones accusing others of it".

P.S. I'm thinking of connecting all my sites into a kind of "Axis Of Justice".
 
 
1. I am not an anarchist; I like having a gov't to coin money
(if they keep it honest)
Anarchy can present problems of national defense.
I very strongly supported and still support the wars against
the Taliban n against Saddam, and North Korea.
U can't have those with anarchy.

2. I did not accuse anyone of being an anarchist.

I support the distant sparrow fart theory of (domestic) government.

I support Congress putting a little flatulent sparrow
(shyly hiding in a corner) to represent government, on the American Flag
 
 
How many animals have you killed?

Did you have a hard on at the time?
 
 
zero
 
 
A few years back I discovered the joys of posting on online message boards. Not long after the Columbine killings, the subject of guns and access to them was a frequent topic of conversation. The board I frequented was populated by a number of, er, very devoted NRA types, and although I had known many gun owners - and even some who were ardent advocates of what they felt were their Second Amendment rights - I wasn't at all prepared for some of the things I found out from the online gun advocates.

I discovered that there were people who were really convinced that America was headed for a civil war between the gun owners and the confiscators. They were obsessed with the Waco and Ruby Ridge incidents and truly believed that they too would one day have to be holed up in a compound somewhere in Idaho or Montana or West Texas or some similar remote area where they would have to fight off the evil agents of their own country who had strayed from the true path of the Constitution.

In their world there was always a fleet of black helicopters heading their way bearing the SWAT teams who would spearhead the New World Order's final push to disarm them. (The New World Order, as best as I could determine, was a conglomeration of the UN, the media, the university professors and a group of disloyal Constitution-haters who all had government jobs). The last chopper, of course, carried Hillary Clinton, who would be there to lead them to the gunless Gulag once the SWAT teams had done their jobs.

I was reminded of my old cyberspace gun friends the other day when I came across the  NRA blacklist , a fact sheet that the National Rifle Association offers to all visitors to their website. It identifies individuals, organizations and corporations that apparently suffer from the twisted, un-American delusion that the Founding Fathers didn't want all Americans to be able to defend themselves with fertilizer bombs. The list is a full nineteen pages long and can be printed out and duct-taped to the wall of your trailer in case you forget who the enemies of freedom are.

The NRA doesn't explain in detail why any of these people or organizations are on their list but I think that we can be sure that some will take their word that those on the list are lying in wait to shred our precious Bill of Rights and render us defenseless against the criminal hordes in our streets and our government.

Upon looking at the list I realized just what a service the NRA has performed for those who value their Second Amendment rights. I mean, without the NRA to tell you otherwise, you might be under the impression that Olympic figure-skating champion Tara Lipinski and Tampa Bay wide-receiver Keyshawn Johnson were just harmless (if talented) professional athletes. How wrong you are; they're on the list, so they're after your guns. Remember Heisman Trophy winner and pro quarterback Doug Flutie? Well, don't trust him with your Glock, or you just might find yourself disarmed.

In fact the sports establishment seems to be infested with New World Order types, particularly it seems in the state of Missouri. The St. Louis Cardinals are on the list as are their football counterparts the St. Louis Rams. Ride down I-70 and you find the Kansas City Royals, gun-grabbing former employers of Rush Limbaugh. They too are on the list, as are football's Kansas City Chiefs.

James Madison may have worked tirelessly to guarantee that every schizophrenic who gets released from a mental institution can buy an Uzi on his way home, but there are still many in the entertainment business who don't subscribe to this most basic of American principles. Among them you'll find country singer Shania Twain, the "Boss", Bruce Springsteen, actresses Renee Russo, Julia Roberts and Catherine Zeta-Jones, and - oops, she seized it again - none other than Britney Spears. Keep buying their music or going to their movies and you could find that your God-given right to surface-to-air missiles has disappeared without a trace.

Even 'Bond, James Bond' can't be trusted. Sean Connery is on the list, as is Austin Powers' Mike Myers.

But it doesn't stop with sports and entertainment ; there are, incredibly, many in the media and even professional and religious organizations who are out to deprive us our sacred right to own rocket propelled grenades. Reagan surgeon general C. Everett Koop was a stealth gun-grabber as are the B'nai B'rith, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Association of Retired Persons and the United States Conference of Mayors.

So I guess OmSigDAVID and his soulmates are right. Everybody from Britney to the B'nai B'rith is out to get their guns. Stay in those bunkers, guys, it's worse than you thought. You can't trust anybody.
 
 
BRAVO PDiddie!
 
 
U CAN trust anyone; its not usually wise to do so.

We have a right to be aware of who our friends n foes are.
If someone does something nasty to us,
e.g., to constrict our freedom, or to slander us, we shud be aware of it.

U can look at it in the same spirit as those who demanded
divestiture of American ownership interests in South Africa;
remember that ? I bet u supported that divestiture.

Suppose some celebrity sounded off about repealing
anti-segregationist, anti-racist laws. Cud it be possible
that some blacks might want to AVOID enriching him with their money ?

If someone sounded off in favor of nazi priniciples,
cut it be possible that some Jews might not want their money
to find its way into his possession ?

Just speaking for myself,
if anyone advocates constricting n subverting the Freedom
that is defended for me in the Bill of Rights,
I doubt that I'll desire to put my money into his hands
to help him along with it. I guess u don' t think that's logicial.

P.S.:
I'm not expecting helicopters of any color,
nor to I anticipate another civil war.
 
 
Nor surface to air missiles, for that matter.
 
 
There is a way to fight the "Blacklist"

 http://www.stopthenra.com 

(A definite addition to "Under Fire"--as soon as I finish getting the basic Bush Information Network up and running).

Like it or not Diddie hit on the mentality of the absolutionists as well as that infamous article in "Rolling Stone" did.
 
 
 
There is a way to fight the "Blacklist"

 http://www.stopthenra.com 

<snip...>

Like it or not Diddie hit on the mentality of the absolutionists.
 

That's a false statement.
I oughta know.
 
 
It seems strange. sadly strange

The Founders clearly set forth a citizen's constitutional rights,
putting some things beyond the reach of government (e.g. books n guns)
No dispute about it for many decades until after the Civil War
when facially racist control laws begin to appear.

Then citizens complain about usurpation of ultra vires activity
beyond the jurisdiction of government in the form of
discriminatory licensure n registration of guns, and
then we are accused of fantasizing about black helicopters.
 
 
Of course, I'm sure there are books that even OmSig would like to see banned.

Check out some of the recommened reading at  http://www.gunguys.com 

(another siite sure to be "Under Fire:))
 
 
U can be "sure" and rong simultaneously.
Except for military censorship (during hostilities), I oppose censorship.
As far as I'm concerned, u can freely have your foolishness.

Books cannot be effectively banned,
because they can be personally printed,
the same as guns have been made and still are personally
manufactured (even in prison).

Only those who choose to be lawabiding
can be effectively disarmed by law.

When I was a young boy,
I had plenty of commercially manufactured guns,
but I made some of my own anyway, because it was fast n fun,
tho admittedly, bombs were faster to make, and louder.
 
 
