 
 
2 Jets Missing In Iraq
 
 
 http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/iraq_missing_jets 

 
BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military said Tuesday it had lost contact with two jets flying in support of operations in Iraq.

The status of the two U.S. Marine F/A-18 Hornet aircraft and their crew was not immediately known, the military said in a statement.

Contact was lost at 10:10 p.m. Monday, the statement said. There were no initial indications of hostile fire in the area at the time.

Search efforts were underway, the military said. No further information was released.

 
 
 
 
 http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/iraq_missing_jets 

 

The "Bagdad Triangle" ?
 
 
Actually, I wonder if Iran might have shot them down and we don't want to admit that! This COULD get interesting.
 
 
 
Actually, I wonder if Iran might have shot them down and we don't want to admit that! This COULD get interesting.

 

Yep, if they have something that will hit hornets all of the sudden, someone/some country is in big trouble!
 
 
Bad news, but not as bad as being shot down:

 http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/usiraqmilitary 

 
BAGHDAD (AFP) - The US military said it had lost contact with two F/A-18 fighter jets over Iraq.

"Contact was lost with two US Marine F/A-18 Hornet jets flying over Iraq," said Nick Minecci, a staff sergeant at the US military's press center in Baghdad.

There was "no initial indication of hostile fire" involved in the incident, he said.

The military lost contact with the aircraft Monday at 10:10 pm local time (1810 GMT), Minecci said.

In a separate statement, the US military said a search effort was under way to locate the aircraft, which were from the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson.

NBC News, citing US Navy officials, reported that the jets had been involved in a midair collision.

The F/A-18 Hornet jet has different versions, one of which is flown by a single pilot while another version of the aircraft carries two crew members.

 
 
 
The latest google news is saying it was a collision.

I doubt the terrorists have anything sophisticated enough
to reach our first-line fighter-bombers.

I do recall the Serbs getting a Stealth. Hope we have
that problem straightened out by now!
 
 
 
The latest google news is saying it was a collision.

I doubt the terrorists have anything sophisticated enough to reach our first-line fighter-bombers.

I do recall the Serbs getting a Stealth. Hope we have that problem straightened out by now!

 

True, but it has also been hypothesized that the Chinese helped them. Supposedly, believe it or not, by using something as simple as cellular technology. It is believed that radiation emitted from standard mobile/cell phones creates a static field of radiation around cities and population centers etc, that can be "altered" by a stealth type aircraft flying through it. This "alteration" of the radiation pattern is believed to be "visible" on radar under certain circumstances. Again, this is supposedly how the Chinese were able to assist the Serbs in shooting down that Stealth fighter. It has also been hypothesized that is reason we "accidently" bombed the Chinese embassy!
 
 
