 
 
Ok, I am watching the Whites.
 
 
Holeee crap. I can barely understand them.
 
 
Is this a show or are you watching random white people?
My aunt talks so fast that you catch every 12th word so nothing she says makes any sense.
 
 
That movie killed me.
I was so grateful for the subtitles.
 
 
 
Is this a show or are you watching random white people?
My aunt talks so fast that you catch every 12th word so nothing she says makes any sense.

 

These are the wild and wonderful of West Virginie. And they are some special folks.
 
 
I remember this.
Have your English to illiterate hillbilly dictionary at the ready.
 
 
I found them through listening to Hank Williams III. They're awesome.
 
 
We're watching it too. We've both seen it before, but it's hilarious in that awful, this isn't funny, train wreck kind of way.
 
 
Poor Bertie Mae. She is so old and tired.
 
 
THAY TOOKER BAYBEH!! HERZ! HERZ! CPS DID!
 
 
Y'all don't got fajitas? !
 
 
This is so fascinating.
 
 
They seem so damn happy.
 
 
"I was buying Xanax, a little bit of coke and weed and a sh!tload of guns."
 
 
Did they dig Bertie's grave themselves? There is something to be said for that.
 
 
 
Did they dig Bertie's grave themselves? There is something to be said for that.

 

random huber fact. ive filled in a grave before.
 
 
I'm watching it now after you all were talking about it last night.
Whoa.
 
 
I watched the Whites about 6 months ago. My reaction was a weird combination of disgust and empathy. And at the end, I felt FANTASTIC about myself and my own white trash family.
 
 
 
Poor Bertie Mae. She is so old and tired.

 

I felt sorry for her, the way they were all doing drugs right in her face even though she was asking them not to. Way to treat your mother.
 
 
OMG, Bertie Mae! I just wanted to hug her.
 
 
I'm left feeling kind of sad and angry.
My great-grandparents (dad's side) were legit hillbillies. They were good, hardworking people. They may have been poor and uneducated, but they didn't behave like animals. It's such a shame that this is what their culture has devolved into.
 
 
