 
 
Racial gap seen in drugs dispensed for pain in ERs
 
 
Racial gap seen in drugs dispensed for pain in ERs
Whites more likely to get narcotics

By Carla K. Johnson, Associated Press | January 2, 2008

CHICAGO - Emergency room doctors are prescribing strong narcotics more often to patients who complain of pain, but minorities are less likely to get them than whites, a new study finds.

Even for the severe pain of kidney stones, minorities were prescribed narcotics such as oxycodone and morphine less frequently than whites.

The analysis of more than 150,000 emergency room visits over 13 years found differences in prescribing by race and ethnicity in both urban and rural hospitals, in all US regions and for every type of pain.

"The gaps between whites and nonwhites have not appeared to close at all," said a coauthor of the study, Dr. Mark Pletcher of the University of California, San Francisco.

The study appears in today's Journal of the American Medical Association. Prescribing narcotics for pain in emergency rooms rose during the study, from 23 percent of those complaining of pain in 1993 to 37 percent in 2005.

The increase coincided with changing attitudes among doctors, who now regard pain management as a key to healing. Doctors in accredited hospitals must ask patients about pain, just as they monitor vital signs such as temperature and pulse.

Even with the increase, the racial gap endured. Linda Simoni-Wastila of the University of Maryland, Baltimore, School of Pharmacy said the race gap finding may reveal some doctors' suspicions that minority patients could be drug abusers lying about pain to get narcotics.

The irony, she said, is that blacks are the least likely group to abuse prescription drugs. Hispanics are becoming as likely as whites to abuse prescription opioids and stimulants, according to her research. She was not involved in the current study.

The study's authors said doctors may be less likely to see signs of painkiller abuse in white patients, or they may be undertreating pain in minority patients.

Patient behavior may play a role, Pletcher said. Minority patients "may be less likely to keep complaining about their pain or feel they deserve good pain control," he said.

Stricter protocols for prescribing narcotics may help close the gap.

A New York hospital recently studied its emergency patients and found no racial disparity in narcotics prescribed for broken bones. Montefiore Medical Center aggressively treats pain and is developing protocols for painkillers that dictate initial dosages and times to check with patients to see if they need more pain medicine, said Dr. David Esses, emergency department associate director at Montefiore.

Such standards may eliminate racial disparities, Esses said.

In the study, opioid narcotics were prescribed in 31 percent of the pain-related visits involving whites, 28 percent for Asians, 24 percent for Hispanics, and 23 percent for blacks.

Minorities were slightly more likely than whites to get aspirin, ibuprofen, and similar drugs for pain.

In more than 2,000 visits for kidney stones, whites got narcotics 72 percent of the time, Hispanics 68 percent, Asians 67 percent, and blacks 56 percent.

The data came from a well-regarded government survey that collects information on emergency room visits for four weeks each year from 500 US hospitals.

Boston Globe
 
 
My back is killing me. Gimme drugs.
 
 
While this study is just related to drugs dispensed for pain in ERs. I wonder, if the same is done by doctors in practises outside hospitals.
 
 
If you go to an ER with a pain you'll usually be asked to quantify the pain on a scale of 1-10. I wonder if the ER MDs explain clearly to all patients what this scale means in terms of prescribed therapeutics.
 
 
My doctor gave me prednisone, vicodin, and flexoril yesterday after just looking at me. I am bent over in agony like a little old lady.
 
 
 
My doctor gave me prednisone, vicodin, and flexoril yesterday after just looking at me. I am bent over in agony like a little old lady.
 

Sounds like you're not in the Boston area...
 
 
I'm not sure I fully understand the beantown reference.
 
 
That's OK...
 
 
They just gave me stronger prednisone because the first stuff they gave me only helped for a day.
 
 
Did you need the vicodin?
 
 
I'd love to have the same study done comparing men and women. Bear ALWAYS gets major narcotics and I'm lucky to get an aspirine.

My experience in life and in the short time I worked in a hospital setting is that those that make the most noise "win." The behavior factor mentioned in the article makes sense to me. I stay calm and quiet at a pain level of 8-10. Bear cries out like he's dying... Until the nurse enters with the syringe.
 
 
I only use the Vicodin as a last resort. Any narcotic scares me.

Dunno why nicotine isn't considered a narcotic. I quit smoking about a dozen times. Smoke free for 8 years now.
 
 
I would be interested in what the stats are for those prescribing the drugs. Percentage of white and black for prescriptions to white and black.
 
 
 
I'd love to have the same study done comparing men and women. Bear ALWAYS gets major narcotics and I'm lucky to get an aspirine.

My experience in life and in the short time I worked in a hospital setting is that those that make the most noise "win." The behavior factor mentioned in the article makes sense to me. I stay calm and quiet at a pain level of 8-10. Bear cries out like he's dying... Until the nurse enters with the syringe.
 

In general, women tolerate pain more easily than do men. Do you wonder why?
 
 
 
I would be interested in what the stats are for those prescribing the drugs. Percentage of white and black for prescriptions to white and black.
 

Do you think that makes a difference?
 
 
Does this tendency for better or more effective healthcare in general for whites over blacks suprise anyone?

I've seen studies for years (at least one of which was in JAMA) about better, more specific or more in depth healthcare for whites than blacks in American medicine.
 
 
 
Does this tendency for better or more effective healthcare in general for whites over blacks suprise anyone?

 

Upon what are you basing the above conclusion?
 
 
 
 
Does this tendency for better or more effective healthcare in general for whites over blacks suprise anyone?

 

Upon what are you basing the above conclusion?
 

Did I make a conclusion? What was it?
 
 
Awww.....I think it has more to do with social status than race....

My last trip through the ER for a broken tooth and exposed nerve endings resulted in a synthetic drug being administered that lasted no more than a few hours and I was back in the same shape I was in previously. There are no Dentist open late on Saturday Nights.

Sure, I walked into the ER with sweats and a tee....hair disheveled & flip-flops, but I didn't care, I was in PAIN! I wasn't there to impress anyone.....

I was watched like a hawk thanks to all our dopeheaded counterparts that'll use the ER for a quick-fix.

I was finally seen 3 hours later after having no one else in the ER mind you during that time...

I guess they thought the shape I was in I was DT'ing...because I sat rocking back and forth and jerking........

Talk about pissed off.......
 
 
 
better or more effective healthcare in general for whites over blacks
 
 
 
I didn't draw any conclusion - I believe the studies I've read. And no, I don't think I will produce them for you. You can google just like anyone else.
 
 
