 
 
What new thing have you learned recently?
 
 
Learn something new of interest recently? Jot those items down here so we all can profit from it.

Here's my first item:

I've just learned that Norway is the third largest oil exporter in the world after Saudi Arabia and Russia.

I wouldn't have guessed Norway.

 Source[/color] 
 
 
There really aren't any fingers in Wendy's chili, and their stock is doing great.

 http://www.breitbart.com/news/2005/09/09/D8CGV9L8A.html 
 
 
"The North American 9-banded armadillo tends to jump straight in the air when surprised, and consequently often smacks itself into the undercarriage of cars passing over it."

 Source[/color] 
 
 
kickycan has vast untapped knowledge into the secrets of cumulonimbus cloud formations

i mean who knew
 
 
Yes, never listen to what you heart tells you. Stupid thing to learn but I think people will benifit from that.  
 
 
Chiggers are the flesh swilling larva of adult mites who are vegetarian. And they DON'T burrow under one's skin, but use their saliva to disintegrate your flesh and cause an allergic reaction. The reaction causes your skin to harden and form a tube from which the chiggers sip flesh milkshakes.
 
 
Eeww! Yummy!    
 
 
thanks to littlek, i learned what a chigger looks like

 
 
 
One in ten children in Great Britain aged 5-16 had a clinically recognisable mental disorder in 2004. This was the same as the proportion recorded in the 1999 survey.

In 2004, 4 per cent of children had an emotional disorder (anxiety or depression), 6 per cent had a conduct disorder, 2 per cent had a hyperkinetic disorder, and 1 per cent had a less common disorder (including autism, tics, eating disorders and selective mutism). Two per cent of children had more than one type of disorder.

Boys were more likely than girls to have a mental disorder. Among 5-10 year olds, 10 per cent of boys and 5 per cent of girls had a mental disorder. Among 11-16 year olds, the proportions were 13 per cent for boys and 10 per cent for girls.

 Source[/color] 
 
 
Anna Lindh, Swedish politician, is assassinated (2002)

Lindh was a Swedish Social Democrat and an important proponent of the European Union. She was Chairman of the Council of the European Union in 2001 and a prime candidate to become the next President of Sweden at the time of her murder. She was attacked just prior to a Swedish referendum on the euro, at the height of a public campaign she led for the approval of the currency. Her killer was found, but it is still unclear what motives were involved.

 

 Source[/color] 
 
 
A California-bound airline in 1849?

Rufus Porter, founder of Scientific American, planned to fly 49ers west on propeller-driven balloons powered by steam engines. He went to far as to advertise the expedition, and 200 brave souls signed up for the trip. But the "airline" never got off the ground.

Then there was the "wind wagon," sort of a cross between a sailboat and a wagon. It seemed like a good idea on paper; after all, it can be very windy in the West. A prototype was built and for a brief moment it barreled across the plains at the advertised 15 miles-per-hour. Then it went out of control and crashed. The inventor -- Wind-wagon Thomas -- kept trying for years, but never succeeded......

 Complete story here. Picture included.[/color] 
 
 
WARNING! Quoted post by Little 'k is DISGUSTING! You are strongly advised not to read it.

 
Chiggers are the flesh swilling larva of adult mites who are vegetarian. And they DON'T burrow under one's skin, but use their saliva to disintegrate your flesh and cause an allergic reaction. The reaction causes your skin to harden and form a tube from which the chiggers sip flesh milkshakes.
 

JESUS WEPT, Little 'k!!!!!

I am so telling the moderators on you!!!!

That post should come with a HUGE warning!!!!

That will haunt me for years!!!

YEEEEEECCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHH!
 
 
<snicker>

Um, sorry.
 
 
Too late.

I already read it.

Thanks a lot, littlek. Now I won't be able to sleep tonight.

SHEESH!!!!! TMI!!! TMI!!!
 
 
<giggle>

Y'all are so girlie!
 
 
Monopoly is related very closely to a game called The Landlord's Game which was created and patented in 1904 by Elizabeth (Lizzie) J. Magie, from Virginia. Magie developed the game, which, like Monopoly, had forty spaces, four railroads, two utilities, twenty-two rental properties, and spaces for Jail, Go to Jail, Luxury Tax, and Parking, as a way to teach the single-tax theory. Magie, a Quaker, was a firm believer in the single-tax theory's basic tenet, that a person's taxes should be based on the amount of land that he owned, a popular idea around the turn of the century.

 Source[/color] 
 
 
I did not know this. In these dangerous times, I am very grateful that we have many dedicated caring nurses out there.

National Nurse's Day
May 6, 2004
National Nurse's Week
May 6 - 12, 2004

The important role nurses play in the delivery of health care cannot be overestimated. Our facilities rely on their training, experience and caring nature every day. Nurses Week provides a wonderful opportunity to celebrate the spirit of nursing and acknowledge the tireless efforts of these vital health professionals.

Nurses Week is one of the nation's largest health care events, recognizing nurses from coast to coast and educating the public about the significant work they perform.

History of National Nurses Week

"Nurses: Lifting Spirits, Touching Lives" is this year's theme for National Nurses Week, celebrated May 6-12 each year. National Nurses Week begins May 6 and ends on May 12, Florence Nightingale's birthday. These permanent dates enhance planning and position National Nurses Week as an established recognition event. As of 1998, May 8 was designated as National Student Nurses Day, to be celebrated annually, as well. Starting in 2003, National School Nurse Day will be celebrated on the Wednesday within National Nurses Week (May 6-12) each year. Previously, the fourth Wednesday in January had been set aside for the recognition of school nurses by the National Association of School Nurses (NASN).

The nursing profession has been supported and promoted by the American Nurses Association (ANA) since 1897. Each of ANA's state and territorial nurses associations promotes the nursing profession at the state and regional levels. Each conducts celebrations on these dates to recognize the contributions that nurses and nursing make to the community.

The ANA supports and encourages National Nurses Week recognition programs through the state and district nurses associations, other specialty nursing organizations, educational facilities, and independent health care companies and institutions.

A brief history of National Nurses Week

1953 Dorothy Sutherland of the U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare sent a proposal to President Eisenhower to proclaim a "Nurse Day" in October of the following year. The proclamation was never made.

1954 National Nurse Week was observed from October 11 - 16. The year of the observance marked the 100th anniversary of Florence Nightingale's mission to Crimea. Representative Frances P. Bolton sponsored the bill for a nurse week. Apparently, a bill for a National Nurse Week was introduced in the 1955 Congress, but no action was taken. Congress discontinued its practice of joint resolutions for national weeks of various kinds.

1972 Again a resolution was presented by the House of Representatives for the President to proclaim "National Registered Nurse Day." It did not occur.

1974 In January of that year, the International Council of Nurses (ICN) proclaimed that May 12 would be "International Nurse Day." (May 12 is the birthday of Florence Nightingale.) Since 1965, the ICN has celebrated "International Nurse Day."

1974 In February of that year, a week was designated by the White House as National Nurse Week, and President Nixon issued a proclamation.

1978 New Jersey Governor Brendon Byrne declared May 6 as "Nurses Day." Edward Scanlan, of Red Bank, N.J., took up the cause to perpetuate the recognition of nurses in his state. Mr. Scanlan had this date listed in Chase's Calendar of Annual Events. He promoted the celebration on his own.

1981 ANA, along with various nursing organizations, rallied to support a resolution initiated by nurses in New Mexico, through their Congressman, Manuel Lujan, to have May 6, 1982, established as "National Recognition Day for Nurses."

1982 In February, the ANA Board of Directors formally acknowledged May 6, 1982 as "National Nurses Day." The action affirmed a joint resolution of the United States Congress designating May 6 as "National Recognition Day for Nurses."

1982 President Ronald Reagan signed a proclamation on March 25, proclaiming "National Recognition Day for Nurses" to be May 6, 1982.

1990 The ANA Board of Directors expanded the recognition of nurses to a week-long celebration, declaring May 6 - 12, 1991, as National Nurses Week.

1993 The ANA Board of Directors designated May 6 - 12 as permanent dates to observe National Nurses Week in 1994 and in all subsequent years.

1996 The ANA initiated "National RN Recognition Day" on May 6, 1996, to honor the nation's indispensable registered nurses for their tireless commitment 365 days a year. The ANA encourages its state and territorial nurses associations and other organizations to acknowledge May 6, 1996 as "National RN Recognition Day."

1997 The ANA Board of Directors, at the request of the National Student Nurses Association, designated May 8 as National Student Nurses Day.

Did you know...?

There are nearly 2.7 million registered nurses in the United States. And, 2.2 million of them are actively employed.

National Nurses Week has a distinctive history.

The American Nurses Association was founded in 1896

Isabel Adams Hampton Robb was the first president of the American Nurses Association

As of November 2001, the Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that more than one million new nurses will be needed by the year 2010. The report projects that total employment will increase by 22.2 million jobs during the 2000-2010 period, rising to 167.8 million. Health care practitioners and technical occupations are expected to account for 1.6 million new jobs during that period. Registered nurses, which represent the largest occupation in this group, should account for more than a third of those new jobs.

The nation's registered nurse (RN) workforce is aging significantly and the number of full-time equivalent RNs per capita is forecast to peak around the year 2007 and decline steadily thereafter, according to Peter Buerhaus of Vanderbilt University's nursing school. Buerhaus also predicted that the number of RNs would fall 20 percent below the demand by 2010. (Journal of the American Medical Association, June 14, 2000)

There are over 196,000 advanced practice nurses in the United States. Of these, approximately 88,100 are nurse practitioners, 54,300 are clinical nurse specialists, 14,600 are both nurse practitioners and clinical nurse specialists, 9,200 are nurse midwives, and 29,800 are nurse anesthetists.

Research indicates that advanced practice nurses can provide 60 to 80 percent of primary care services as well as or better than physicians and at a lesser cost.

49 states and the District of Columbia allow advanced practice nurses to prescribe medications.

The January 5, 2000, edition of the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) reported the results of a study which revealed patients fared just as well when treated by nurse practitioners as they did when treated by physicians.

The nation's nurses rank second for their honesty and integrity, with 84 percent of Americans rating them "high" or "very high," according to a 2001 CNN/USA Today/Gallup Poll. Firefighters, who were given high ratings by 90 percent of Americans, displaced nurses from the poll's top slot this year, following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Nurses had previously rated first for two years in a row after being added to the list in 1999.

According to a 1989 study published by the New England Journal of Medicine(325 (25), 1720-1725), hospitals with more registered nurses on staff and higher ratios of nurses to patients had 6.3 fewer deaths per 1,000 patients than hospitals that did not have those characteristics.

The American Nurses Association consists of 54 state and territorial associations, whose mission is to work for the improvement of health standards and availability of health care services for all people, foster high standards for nursing, stimulate and promote the professional development of registered nurses, and advance their economic and general welfare.

The link between adequate and appropriate nurse staffing and positive patient outcomes has been shown in several ANA publications and studies, including ANA's Nurse Staffing and Patient Outcomes in Inpatient Hospital Settings. This report, published in May 2000, found that shorter lengths of stay are strongly related to higher RN staffing per acuity-adjusted day and that patient morbidity indicators for preventable conditions are inversely related to RN skill mix.

A January 2001 ANA Staffing Survey revealed that America's RNs feel that deteriorating working conditions have led to a decline in the quality of nursing care. Specifically, 75 percent of nurses surveyed felt the quality of nursing care at the facility in which they work has declined over the past two years, while 56 percent of nurses surveyed believe that the time they have available for patient care has decreased. In addition, over 40 percent said they would not feel comfortable having a family member or someone close to them be cared for in the facility in which they work, and over 54 percent would not recommend the profession to their children or their friends. These statistics reveal a disturbing trend.

America's registered nurses report that health and safety concerns play a major role in their decisions to remain in the profession, according to findings from a Health and Safety Survey released in September 2001. In the survey, over 70 percent (70.5 percent) of nurses cited the acute and chronic effects of stress and overwork as one of their top three health and safety concerns. Yet nurses continue to be pushed harder -- with more than two-thirds reporting that they work some type of unplanned overtime every month.

The American Nurses Credentialing Center Magnet Nursing Services Recognition Program offers guidelines designed to shift hospital administrators' focus from expensive, short-sighted recruitment efforts to meaningful retention strategies. Hospitals that have been designated as "magnets" have been found in studies to attract and retain professional nurses who experienced a high degree of professional and personal satisfaction through their practice. Currently, 42 hospitals and long-term care facilities have been awarded "magnet" recognition, but the essential "magnet" criteria can be used by nurses and administrators to assess their own facilities for improvements.

A study conducted by the Nursing Credentialing Research Coalition found that certification has a dramatic impact on the personal, professional and practice outcomes of certified nurses. Overall, nurses in the study stated that certification enabled them to experience fewer adverse events and errors in patient care than before they were certified. Additional results revealed that certified nurses:
expressed more confidence in detecting early signs of complications;

reported more personal growth and job satisfaction;

believed they were viewed as credible providers;

received high patient satisfaction ratings;

reported more effective communication and collaboration with other health care providers; and

experienced fewer disciplinary events and work-related injuries.

The Florence Nightingale Pledge

I solemnly pledge myself before God and in the presence of this assembly, to pass my life in purity and to practice my profession faithfully. I will abstain from whatever is deleterious and mischievous, and will not take or knowingly administer any harmful drug. I will do all in my power to maintain and elevate the standard of my profession, and will hold in confidence all personal matters committed to my keeping and all family affairs coming to my knowledge in the practice of my calling. With loyalty will I endeavor to aid the physician in his work, and devote myself to the welfare of those committed to my care.

This modified Hippocratic Oath was arranged by Mrs. Lystra E. Gretter and a Committee for the Farrand Training School for Nurses, Detroit. It was called the Florence Nightingale Pledge as a token of esteem for the founder of modern nursing.

 
 
 
Anticthone the missing planet that Pythagoris discovered 2500 years ago.
 
 
Interesting post, Angelique. Thanks!

My contribution for today is:

Falun Gong

Also known as Falun Dafa, Falun Gong means Law of the Wheel Breathing Exercise. Its aim is to purify the mind and body and improve moral character through exercises, meditation and study. Li Hongzhi, also known as "The Master" or "Master Li", introduced Falun Gong to Beijing in 1992. His teachings are contained in the books, Falun Gong and Zhuan Falun (Turning the Law Wheel), which are available in a variety of languages. The exercises of Falun Gong have been described as relaxing and energizing, and many practitioners of Falun Gong perform them as a group, outside. Falun Gong is practiced all over the world and Li Hongzhi has claimed to have a following of over 100 million people.

In 1999, the Chinese government initiated a campaign against spiritual and religious groups, including Falun Gong practitioners.......

 Complete story here.[/color] 

Of course I have heard about this practice before, but I knew hardly anything about it, other than the practice of this was outlawed by the Chinese government. I had no idea it was so wide spread.
 
 
I notice as I look at my calendar that tomorrow (Mon, Oct 24th) is listed as "United Nations Day". I knew nothing about this until I did a search about it.

It is celebrated very generally in all states and American possessions, and by all eighty-one countries, which are members of the United Nations for the purpose of informing the people of the world as to the aims, purposes, and achievements of the UN. The day is part of the United Nations Week, October 20-26.

 Complete story about United Nations Day 

Hey, how come this isn't a day off?
 
 
Slappy is ripped!
 
 
i learned about a half hour ago that Madison Ave. is one block from Park Ave.
 
 
 
Slappy is ripped!
 

Actually I'm sober.

C'mon..you knew that. Don't hide the fact you hired me to strip at your party.

I learned something CRAZY today. I bet none of you knew this....but Boston, is in MASSACHUSETTS!!!! I know. I thought it was in Canada too.
 
 
I hired you, but you spent the money at a bar when you were supposed to be at my party. Eh.

I learned that making crepes is easy!
 
 
special thanks goes out to farmerman for the inspiration

German Bellsnickel

Hand-sculpted and crafted German Bellsnickel in traditional white robe trimmed with white fur. This special hand-sculpted and crafted Santa is dressed in a hand sewn/designed brilliant white robe trimmed with white rabbit fur. His specially sculpted hands show the rigors of the years he has spent bringing joy to the world. In his specially sculpted right hand he has his staff to assist him in going from home to home. His right hand holds a special basket of treats for all in your house. He stands approximately 18" tall with a hand-made armature and a stuffed muslin body stocking.

 ....  
 
 
Watching a documentary on "Star Wars" tonight, I learned that there was actually a man inside of R2D2. All of these years, I thought it was a real robot.
 
 
Hello Eoe and welcome to this thread. Yes, I've heard of this one before. Interesting, isn't it? I've seen the background on some of the special effects that were done on some of the shows. Truly amazing!
 
 
The word butter comes from bou-tyron, which seems to mean "cowcheese" in Greek. Some scholars think, however, that the word was borrowed from the language of the northern and butterophagous Scythians, who herded cattle; Greeks lived mostly from sheep and goats whose milk, which they consumed mainly as cheese, was relatively low in butter (or butyric) fat.
 
 
All the colors in the universe originate from a mere fifteen fundamental physical causes. These causes appear over and over, lending color to the world around us. Some common causes seem logical -- for example, both light bulbs and candles are colored by incandescence -- and others are surprising -- did you know that the colors of peacock feathers and bubbles are both caused by interference?

These fifteen causes of color derived from a variety of physical and chemical mechanisms are summarized in five groups in this exhibit.

Vibrations and simple excitations explain the colors of incandescence (e.g., flames), gas excitations (neon tube, aurora), and vibrations and rotations (blue ice and water).

Ligand-field-effect colors are seen in transition-metal compounds (turquoise, chrome-oxide green) and impurities (ruby, emerald).

Molecular orbitals explain the colors of organic compounds (indigo, chlorophyll) and charge-transfer compounds (blue sapphire, lapis lazuli).

Energy bands are involved in the colors of metals and alloys (gold, brass), of semiconductors (cadmium yellow, vermilion), doped semiconductors (blue and yellow diamond), and color centers (amethyst, topaz).

Geometrical and physical optics are involved in the colors derived from dispersive refraction (rainbow, green flash), scattering (blue sky, blue eyes, red sunset), interference (soap bubbles, iridescent beetles), and diffraction (the corona aureole, opal).
 
 
 
Watching a documentary on "Star Wars" tonight, I learned that there was actually a man inside of R2D2. All of these years, I thought it was a real robot.
 

I KNOW HIM!

Well, I don't actually KNOW him, but he used to live not very far away, and I would occasionally see him walking in our local park, or in the high street.

He is reasonably well known over here, and used to be seen in quite a few TV programmes, back in the 70's.

I shall now try to find his name.....

Got it!.....Kenny Baker.

 http://www.kennybaker.co.uk/ 
 
 
I know the fella who was inside C3PO. His name was whistler. I used to date him. He was short but very handy for resting my pint of Guinness on his head as we stood talking.
 
 
....and what was he looking at, whilst this was going on?
 
 
He was a multi-tasker.
 
 
CHARABANC
An early form of bus, used typically for sightseeing trips.
 
 
Random Funny Facts

1. California has issued at least 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ.

2. Kangaroos can not walk backwards.

3. 'Jedi' is an official religion, with over 70,000 followers, in Australia.

4. According to a recent survey, more than half of British adults have had sex in a public place!

5. Most alcoholic beverages contain all 13 minerals necessary to sustain human life.

6. Nachos is the food most craved by pregnant women.

7. Each year, 24,000 Americans are bitten by rats!

8. Most dreams last only 5 to 20 minutes.

9. The hair of an adult man or woman can stretch 25 percent of its length without breaking.

10. On average, the life span of an American dollar bill is eighteen months.

11. Non-dairy creamer is flammable.

12. The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com.

13. Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second.

14. U.S. President Calvin Coolidge liked to eat breakfast while having his head rubbed with Vaseline.

15. When a giraffe's baby is born it falls from a height of six feet, normally without being hurt.

16. Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.

17. The creator of the NIKE Swoosh symbol was paid only $35 for the design.

18. How does a shark find fish? It can hear their hearts beating.

19. Penguins can convert salt water into fresh water.

20. In ten minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined!

21. The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war.

22. During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles.

23. Nearly 22,000 checks will be deducted from the wrong account over the next hour.

24. More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.

25. There are more fatal car accidents in July than any other month.

26. There are more bacteria in your mouth than there are people in the world.

27. More than 2 million documents will be lost by the IRS this year.

28. Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.

29. Washington, D.C. has one lawyer for every 19 residents!

30. Avocados have more protein than any other fruit.

31. The average car produces a pound of pollution every 25 miles!

32. Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.

33. In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die!

34. The most powerful electric eel is found in the rivers of Brazil, Columbia, Venezuela, and Peru, and produces a shock of 400-650 volts.

35. If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.

36. Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country.

37. In India, people are legally allowed to marry a dog!

38. You are more likely to get attacked by a cow than a shark.

39. Half of all identity thieves are either relatives, friends, or neighbors of their victims.

40. One in three male motorists picks their nose while driving.
 
 
Thanks, Reyn!

Let the knowledge flow...
 
 
That's my goal in life - to be a conduit!

Welcome to A2K, by the way!
 
 
 
...35. If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction...
 

Strange image: a long line of people walking by, performing reproductive
functions as they walk.
 
 
"24. More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call."

Nor can they read or write, but cartoons really piss them off.
 
 
What have I learned?

It doesn't save time to hurry.

Getting attention and getting respect are hardly ever the same thing.
 
 
What new thing have I learned-

That denying the holocaust IS illegal..

Not that I would deny it.. I would be stupid to do that.
But I never knew there was a law against it.

interesting................
 
 
shewolfnm, in which country is it illegal?
 
 
austria apparently
 
 
Today I learned about the pdfx-1a file format some mag publishers are asking for these days. Had to upgrade to Acrobat 7.0, download it offline and I'm just a little nervous because at the moment, I'm minus a security program. I'll take care of that tonight tho'.
 
 
I have been learning over the last week or so that I am unprepared to enter into higher education in the post-internet world.
 
 
 
Today I learned about the pdfx-1a file format some mag publishers are asking for these days. Had to upgrade to Acrobat 7.0, download it offline and I'm just a little nervous because at the moment, I'm minus a security program. I'll take care of that tonight tho'.
 

Hey, I learned about pdfx-1a recently too! Cool!
 
 
I have learned I am consistently an idiot.
 
 
 
I have learned I am consistently an idiot.
 

Honesty with one's self must surely be the first sign of getting a grasp of this issue. :wink:
 
 
It usually is...love that new avatar, Reyn!
 
 
I learned the "right-of-way" rule in foil fencing.
 
 
100 things we didn't know

1. Street brawlers sometimes arm themselves with potato peelers, according to the Home Office, which wants to make them banned weapons.

2. Farmers plant their crops up to three weeks earlier than 15 years ago. In the 1960s, temperatures from January to March averaged 4.2C; it rose to 5.6C in the 1990s.

3. Brussels sprouts have three times as much vitamin C as oranges.

4. Crows apparently like the taste of windscreen-wiper blades.

5. 52% of households have five or more remote controls.

6. Dame Judi Dench sends 450 Christmas presents, according to her daughter.

7. The heat generated by a laptop, and the knees-together pose needed to balance it, can damage a man's fertility.

8. Brazilians are the nationality most likely to read spam.

9. Some pigeons follow roads and turn off at motorway junctions to navigate their way round.

10. Ten people die on the UK's roads every day.

11. The opening lines of the Communist Manifesto - "A spectre is haunting Europe - the spectre of Communism" - were initially translated as "A frightful hobgoblin stalks through Europe".

12. Ronald Reagan started planning his own funeral the year he entered the White House almost quarter of a century ago. He died in June.

13. Smoking killed nearly one million people worldwide in 2000, according to the World Health Organisation.

14. Marine biologists say altruistic behaviour is not uncommon in dolphins.

15. UK scientists have developed a clock which ticks 1,000,000 billion times a second. Technically that's a quadrillion.

16. Prince Charles and Paul Dacre, editor of the Daily Mail, were born on the same day.

17. Ian Hislop, scourge of the media powerful, now knows that his grandfather's middle name was Murdoch.

18. There are 75 withdrawals from cash machines every second in the UK.

19. The collective noun for rhinos is "crash".

20. Osama Bin Laden refers to 9/11 as "Manhattan".

21. The word "electricity" was first used in English in about 1600 by Elizabeth I's physician.

22. George W Bush got the highest number of votes for president of any candidate in US history, in November 2004.

23. John Kerry got the second highest number.

24. Germany has an 18-year-old MP - Julia Bonk, a member of the Saxony legislature. Her name is not funny in German.

25. Half of Britons have a collection of more than 20 carrier bags at home, according to a survey. One in 10 people has up to 80.

26. The full names of Scooby Doo's Mystery Inc members are: Fred Jones, Daphne Blake, Velma Dinkley, Scooby "Scoobert" Doo. Shaggy is actually Norville Rogers.

27. So much for the overworked society, the average British employee actually works 75 minutes less a week than in 1997, according to the Centre for Economics and Business Research.

28. The word "celeb" is not a recent invention - it was used in a letter to Woodrow Wilson in 1913. The word "sex", used to mean sexual intercourse, was first used in 1929.

29. The remains of thousands of mammoths have been found by fishermen in the North Sea.

30. The Sydney Harbour Bridge contains just 16 nuts and bolts. The rest is held together by rivets, because it doesn't need to be dismantled.

31. Herrings break wind to communicate and keep the school together.

32. Tory leader Michael Howard and wife Sandra watch a video of Brideshead Revisited every New Year.

33. Bob Dylan originally planned to use his first two given names, Robert Allen, as his stage name, because it sounded like the name of a Scottish king. After he saw some Dylan Thomas poems, he chose Dylan as his new surname instead.

34. Plastic surgery dates back to 600BC and the first nose job was in 1000AD.

35. George Bush and John Kerry shared the same debating coach while at Yale University. His name was Rollin Osterweis.

36. One in five British homes has a foot spa, although mostly they lie idle, among more than £3bn of "useless gadgets" to be found in UK homes, according to insurance firm Esure.

37. Although it's nearly 24 years since Jimmy Carter was US president, he still receives about 4,000 letters a month.

38. Yoda was based on Albert Einstein.

39. More Brits die each year falling from their hotel balcony than do in diving accidents, according to Foreign Office statistics.

40. There is a British Hat Council - it's the body which coined the phrase: "If you want to get ahead, get a hat." It reports that sales of hats to men have risen by 80% in the past year, and that £51m will be spent on headgear this year.

41. Twenty years ago, seven out of every 10 pints drunk in the UK were ale. Now, thanks to the rise of lager, stout and cider, the number is just three.

42. Running a car costs the average motorist £101 a week, according to the RAC.

43. In 1911, Pablo Picasso was one of the suspects arrested for the theft of the Mona Lisa.

44. Until 3 September 2004, the fastest bus in London was an old fashioned red double decker, registration number ALD 971B. Unlike other buses, according to reports, this one did not have a speed regulator and so could go above 30mph.

45. There is a world record for being able to squirt liquids out of a human eye. The existing record is 8.7 feet (2.65m), but a Turkish man claims to have broken the record with a 9.2 feet (2.8m) squirt.

46. Interesting historical footnote: Greg Dyke was on the Atkins diet at the time of the Hutton Report, he revealed in his autobiography.

47. A "jiffy" is 10 milliseconds in computer science terms.

48. Margaret Roberts (later Thatcher) helped invent the chemical process that produces Mr Whippy ice cream.

49. Guests at the Queen's coronation in 1953 pilfered toilet paper from Westminster Abbey. "It was found early on Coronation Day, that much of the lavatory paper had been removed, and in future it will be necessary to take steps to prevent this," official records released this year reveal.

50. A tribe living in a remote part of Brazil's Amazon rainforest has no words for numbers beyond two. The Piraha use "one" to mean one or roughly one, two means two, while any larger number is just "many".

51. The day after the atomic bomb exploded on Hiroshima, the banks re-opened. They had one customer, John Reader's book Cities recorded.

52. Up to 65% of children with a father in jail get imprisoned themselves, according to Home Office figures.

53. Phrase-turner extraordinaire Clive James says he originated the terms "underwhelmed" and "young fogey", but is yet to receive the recognition he deserves. He also says he's particularly proud of his description of the Conan the Barbarian-era Arnold Schwarzenegger as "a brown condom full of walnuts".

54. George Clooney listens to The Archers online, according to model Lisa Snowden who says she introduced him to it.

55. Having breaking news alerts delivered to your mobile phone may seem cutting edge, but the Daily Express pioneered the service back in 1914, offering personal war updates via telegram for a shilling each.

56. The Shining is the "perfect scary movie", according to researchers, who have come up with a scientific formula for such things. They identified the isolated setting, escalating music and chase scenes as some of the key elements in its success.

57. Gibraltar, which celebrated 300 years under British rule this year, was named Jebel Tarik - Tarik's mountain - by Moorish settlers in honour of their leader Tarik ibn Zeyad. The last syllable was lost over time.

58. Saddam Hussein's son Uday kept nine lions as the centrepiece of a bizarre menagerie of exotic animals. In July the lions were moved to Baghdad zoo.

59. Britons throw away enough rubbish every hour to fill the Royal Albert Hall.

60. The bookmakers William Hill loses 80,000 little pens a day - the sort used to fill out betting slips.

61. Ken Livingstone, the mayor of London, has got solar panels fitted on the roof of his Cricklewood home.
62. The founder of the Natural History Museum, Sir Richard Owen, was the man we have to thank for the word "dinosaur", literally meaning "terrible lizard".

63. Just one in a hundred workers goes to the pub for their lunch, according to a study. The same proportion spend lunch having sex.

64. Chef Gordon Ramsay says he gets between three and five parking tickets on any working day.

65. "Square eyes" might be real - Australian researchers have found that children who spend a long time inside watching television or on computers become more susceptible to short-sightedness.

66. An American girl aged between three and 11 has, on average, 10 Barbie dolls in her toy box.

67. It's 30 years since the world's first barcode was used. It was on a 10-pack of Wrigley's Juicy Fruit at a supermarket in Ohio. The gum is now an exhibit in the Smithsonian Museum in Washington DC.

68. Bill Clinton revealed in his autobiography that he didn't learn to ride a bike properly until he was 22.

69. The theme music to Crimewatch UK, which celebrated its 20th anniversary in June, is called Rescue Helicopter - written by John Cameron.

70. And reports of UFOs have dwindled since the late 1990s. In the UK, sightings have gone from about 30 a week to almost zero; it's a trend echoed in the US and Norway.

71. Departing chancellors of the exchequer get to choose a cartoon caricature of themselves to hang on the staircase of 11 Downing Street. Not that the current occupant, Gordon Brown, is going anywhere just yet - this year he became Britain's longest-serving chancellor.

72. Desert locusts can travel 120 miles in 24 hours.

73. Ducks have regional accents. London ducks shout out a rough quack to be heard above the urban din; those in the West Country make a quieter, softer sound.

74. Lasagne has replaced chicken tikka massala as the favourite dish of Britons. Sainsbury's sold 13.9 million lasagne ready meals and just 7.4 million chicken tikka massalas last year. Tesco sold 9.8 million lasagnes and 6.3 million chicken tikka massalas.

75. Freak conditions above Everest can cause the sky to "fall in". An analysis of weather patterns in May 1996, by University of Toronto researchers, said eight people died when the stratosphere sank to the level of the summit.

76. More than one billion birds crash into buildings in the US every year. Mirrored office blocks are a particular hazard.

77. There are at least 17 Maxine Carrs in the UK, all of whom are ex-directory.

78. Defeated Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says he once flew upside-down over Israel. It was, he says, the "perfect way" to see the Middle East.

79. Space is only 62 miles away. That's 100 kilometres.

80. Essex is the UK's book club capital, with more reading groups than any other county and spin-off events such as a walk-and-talk-about-books club.

81. When people are in love, weird things happen. Men get more female hormones, and women get more male. Scientist Donatella Marazziti says it's as if nature wants to eliminate what can be different in men and women, perhaps to help the mating process.

82. Alan Smithee is a prolific director of film stinkers. His is the name directors use if a film is recut by the studio against their wishes. The alias was first used on the 1969 western, Death of a Gunfighter. Its origins are somewhat murky, but one theory goes that it is an anagram of "The Alias Men."

83. There's no mobile reception at the top of the Gherkin in London - it's too high up at 40 storeys. The phone companies hadn't expected a tower so tall, and it's above the reception area.

84. There are 1,049 offshore British islands. One of the late Norris McWhirter's great loves was visiting them all.

85. Poets die young... "On average, poets lived 62 years, playwrights 63 years, novelists 66 years and non-fiction writers lived 68 years," according to California State University's James Kaufman.

86. You can see the back of your own head in some parts of the universe as time and light are so curved. The universe is neither flat, nor football shaped - it looks like a flat-sided trumpet, German physicists believe.

87. One gigabyte of information - about a quarter of the memory of an iPod mini - is the equivalent of a pick-up truck load of paper.

88. In the past decade, four people in the UK have died in cemetery accidents, crushed by falling tombstones.

89. Continuing in this cheery vein, more than 1.2 million people die in traffic accidents worldwide each year. The first was Bridget Driscoll, knocked down by a car travelling at 12mph in London on 17 August 1896. The coroner recorded a verdict of accidental death, and warned: "This must never happen again."

90. A quarter of Australia's population was born outside the land Down Under.

91. Scientists have developed cress which changes from green to red when it comes near explosives - ideal for spotting landmines...

92....which is a good job as there are still about 100m undiscovered landmines in the world, just waiting to go off.

93. One in 12 of the country's workforce is a cleaner, according to the British Cleaning Council.

94. A cruise ship can put more than 130,000 litres of sewage into the sea each day.

95. There are a third more children at grammar schools now, under Labour, than there were 10 years ago under the Tories (150,750 now compared with 111,846 in 2003.)

96. One in four 16- and 17-year-old girls in the UK is on the contraceptive pill - more than ever before.

97. Matt Groening's father - the inspiration for Homer Simpson - has only complained once about his alter-ego's actions. It was an episode in which Homer badgered Marge into walking some considerable distance on a hot day to fetch him something.

98. Lord Baden Powell wanted a section on the dangers of "self abuse" in his Scouting for Boys. His original manuscript read: "A very large number of the lunatics in our asylums have made themselves ill by indulging in this vice although at one time they were sensible cheery boys like you."

99. Dom Perignon, the Benedictine monk, was originally employed by his abbey to get the bubbles out of the champagne, according to Gerard Liger-Belair's new book, Uncorked: the Science of Champagne.

100. Bill Clinton sent just two e-mails while he was president.
 
 
Unusual Facts

The digestive juices of crocodiles contain so much hydrochloric acid that they have dissolved iron spearheads and six-inch steel hooks that the crocodiles have swallowed.

The first atomic bomb exploded at Trinity Site, New Mexico.

The penculine titmouse of Africa builds its home in such a sturdy manner that Masai tribesman use their nests for purses and carrying cases.

Three astronauts manned each Apollo flight.

The domestic cat is the only species able to hold its tail vertically while walking. Wild cats hold their tail horizontally, or tucked between their legs while walking.

Out of all the senses, smell is most closely linked to memory.

When a hippopotamus exerts itself, gets angry, or stays out of the water for too long, it exudes red sweatlike mucus through its skin.

The Leaning Tower of Pisa is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020.

The Penguin is the only bird that can swim, but not fly. It is also the only bird that walks upright.

Mercury is the only metal that is liquid at room temperature.
 
 
Unusual Facts

A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate!

A completely blind chameleon will still take on the colors of its environment.

A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.

A crocodile always grows new teeth to replace the old teeth!

The Saguaro Cactus, found in the Southwestern United States doesn't grow branches until it is 75 years old.

Lightning keeps plants alive. The intense heat of lightning forces nitrogen in the air to mix with oxygen, forming nitrogen oxides that are soluble in water and fall to the ground in rain. Plants need nitrates to survive, so without lightning, plants could not live.

Snails breathe through their feet.

Some ribbon worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food.

Snowiest city in the U.S.: Blue canyon, California.

Because heat expands the metal, the Eiffel Tower always leans away from the sun.
 
 
Reyn, I love your icon!
 
 
I like yours, too. Have you seen Rowan Atkinson in "The Thin Blue Line"?
 
 
Not yet, unfortunately. Have you seen Eddie Izzard in "All the Queen's Men"?
 
 
No, but I just Googled it and I would watch if it came on the telly.

Come see me some time at "Chat With Reyn".
 
 
Will do, chickie-monkey!
 
 
Unusual Facts

7,000 new insect species are discovered every year.

7-11 sells 10,000 pots of coffee an hour, every hour, every day.

75% of Honda vehicles purchased in the U.S. are manufactured in North America!

76% of Americans celebrate New Year's Eve in groups of less than 20.

80% of 10 year old girls in the U.S. go on a diet.

Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray.

St. Paul, Minnesota was originally called 'Pigs Eye'.

Stilts were invented by French shepherds who needed a way to get around in wet marshes.

Strawberries have more vitamin c than oranges.

Streets in Japan do not have names.

Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't.

Sweden has more telephones per capita than any country on earth.

Switzerland has the highest per-capita consumption of soft drinks in the world.

Tablecloths were originally meant to be served as towels with which dinner guests could wipe their hands and faces after eating!
 
 
Unusual Facts

Eighty percent of Americans will be the victim of violent crime at least once in their lifetime.

Lab tests can detect traces of alcohol in urine six to 12 hours after a person has stopped drinking.

Sound at the right vibration can bore holes through a solid object.

The color black is produced by the complete absorption of light rays.

There are 3 golf balls sitting on the moon.

Air is denser in cold weather. A wind of the same speed can exert 25 percent more force during the winter as compared to the summer.

An iceberg contains more heat than a match.

Every cubic mile of seawater holds over 150 million tons of minerals.

A temperature of 70 million degrees Celsius was generated at Princeton University in 1978. This was during a fusionism experiment and is the highest man-made temperature ever.

Parker Brothers prints about 50 billion dollars worth of Monopoly money in one year.

It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".

In the name of art, Chris Burden arranged to be shot by a friend while another person photographed the event. He sold the series of pictures to an art dealer. He made $1750 on the deal, but his hospital bill was $84,000.

More people have seen David Copperfield perform live than any other performer in the world.
 
 
Random Facts

Before he pursued his acting career, Jack Nicholson worked as an office boy in MGM's cartoon department.

The crocodile is surprisingly fast on land. If pursued by a crocodile, a person should run in a zigzag motion, for the crocodile has little or no ability to make sudden changes of direction.

Flamingoes live remarkably long lives: up to 80 years.

Snakes continue to grow until the day they die.

Sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures!

Slugs have 4 noses!

Smokers eat more sugar than non-smokers do.

The number one cause of blindness in the United States is diabetes.

People who have a tough time handling the stress of money woes are twice as likely to develop severe gum disease, a new study finds.

Of the 206 bones in the average human adult's body, 106 are in the hands and feet. (54 in the hands and 52 in the feet)
 
 
What new thing have you learned recently?
I have recently learned that it's sometimes better not to post what I've learned on threads entitled "What new thing have you learned recently?".
 
 
Well, tell us then. Why would that be?
 
 
What new thing have you learned recently?
quote:

 
Well, tell us then. Why would that be?
 

I am not at liberty to say, but thank you for inquiring.  
 
 
I learned that it's very important to read the fine print on new moisturizers. Apparently I inadvertently grabbed the Jergens that has a self-tanning agent. I'm looking a bit bronzed for this time of year in Toronto.  
 
 
 
I learned that it's very important to read the fine print on new moisturizers. Apparently I inadvertently grabbed the Jergens that has a self-tanning agent. I'm looking a bit bronzed for this time of year in Toronto.  
 

Are heads turning, staring, and asking where you've been vacationing?
 
 
Something like that  

it gets worse - I used the body formulation on my face  
 
 
 
it gets worse - I used the body formulation on my face  
 

     

<sorry for laughing, but I'm getting this image>
 
 
I've learned that Reyn will laugh when you post earnest lessons learned  
 
 
Hey, ehBeth...thanks for the lesson! I was wondering if that stuff really worked.
 
 
 
I've learned that Reyn will laugh when you post earnest lessons learned  
 

You're looking very.....swarthy these days. It's very attractive.
 
 
 this... click... definitely works 
 
 
Beth on holidays:

 
 
 
No sun involved - so no wrinkles.

It's still developing  
 
 
Ooooh! How brown can one get using this stuff?  
 
 
Random Facts

The largest recorded kidney stone weighed 2.99 pounds.

A person's hearing becomes less sharp after eating too much food.

In a lifetime the average person will walk 74,670 miles. That's equal to 3 times around the world at the equator.

People are born without knee caps, they form between 2-6 years of age.

Your right lung has three lobes, your left lung has two lobes and is a little smaller.

Hydrochloric acid in your stomach is strong enough to eat a hole in a sidewalk.

An average person will produce 25,000 quarts of spit in a lifetime, enough to fill more than one swimming pool.

During the average lifetime about 40 pounds of dead skin is shed.

The human heart creates enough pressure while pumping to squirt blood 30 feet.
 
 
Random Facts

Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density.

A dime has 118 ridges around the edge, a quarter has 119.

A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside!

In Athens, Greece, a driver's license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either unbathed or poorly dressed.

Approximately 40% of the U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit by the end of the Civil War.

Over 98 percent of Japanese people are cremated after they die.

There is more real lemon juice in Lemon Pledge furniture polish than in Country Time Lemonade.

Due to gravitational effects, you weigh slightly less when the moon is directly overhead.

Most dust particles in your house come from dead skin.

The faster a kangaroo hops, the less energy it burns!
 
 
Random Facts

No high jumper has ever been able to stay off the ground for more than one second.

In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jack's.

The oil used by jewelers to lubricate clocks and watches costs about $3,000 a gallon.

In the movie 'The Wizard Of Oz', Toto the dog's salary was $125 a week, while Judy Garland was $500 a week.

Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!

The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean.

The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.

If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.

Crushed cockroaches can be applied to a stinging wound to help relieve the pain.

Oak trees are struck by lightning more than any other tree.
 
 
I think Im gonna gag.Anybody notice where the crypt keepers boobs were aggghhhh

Well heres some shit you can use. In case of a dirty bomb attack, you should immediately take some ion exchange capsules.

Prussian blue capsules will remove Cesium 137 and Thallium
potassium Iodide capsules will sequester Strontium
Calcium EDTA will take up and remove P and U

Sodium alginate will also help, according to the CDER of the uS FDA.

Most of these are available with the exception of prussian blue capsules (which are being produced and stockpiled and will be available over the counter Unless the cyanide portion makes it available only by prescription)
 
 
After all these years, I find out that not only am I not to covet my neighbors house, but I can't covet his ass either!
 
 
That's no fun!
 
 
Tell me about it!
 
 
 
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.

 

i don't know, Reyn, i looked at a candy wrapper, and it doesn't say anything about insects in the ingredients. besides, how would they separate the legs from the rest of the insect?  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.

 

i don't know, Reyn, i looked at a candy wrapper, and it doesn't say anything about insects in the ingredients. besides, how would they separate the legs from the rest of the insect?  
 

they separate them at the candy bar factory

the legs (and antennae i assume) go to the candy bar line, and the bodies go to the chocolate covered peanuts/raisins line, you gotta think these things out
 
 
I learned that I'm not always the greatest archer and that the maple sap is really running this time of year!  
 
 
I learned how to play my iPod through my stereo. Its like ME Radio, ha!
 
 
ME radio. I love it!
I've been thinking about purchasing an ipod for that same purpose. I work from home and listening to the radio sucks for the most part.
 
 
I've learned what ATP is.
 
 
I haven't learned a damned thing lately.

 
 
 
Learning Brazilian Portuguese and discoverd how Mozambican and Angolan portuguese all sound different to mainlaind Portuguese.

learned that i don't need a Visa to go to: Cuba, Argentina, Brazil and a few other places who I don't feel like listing (Mozambique).

I am in the process of learning events management on the fly as a friend and i organise a whole lot of Video art and Video scratching parties, very hectic.
 
 
The first lightweight luggage designed for air travel was conceived by aviation pioneer Amelia Earhart.

The U.S. founding fathers' name for the American Revolution was 'The War with Britain'.

A lump of pure gold the size of a matchbox can be flattened into a sheet the size of a tennis court!

There are thousands of varieties of shrimp, but most are so tiny that they are more likely to be eaten by whales than people. Of the several hundred around the world that people do eat, only a dozen or so appear with any regularity in the United States.

It is illegal to marry the spouse of a grandparent in Maine, Maryland, South Carolina, and Washington, DC.

One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet!

The U.S. Government will not allow portraits of living persons to appear on stamps.

97% of all paper money in the US contains traces of cocaine.

Car airbags kill 1 person for every 22 lives that they save.

An adult giraffe's tongue is 17 inches long.

There are two types of asparagus: green and white. One of the most popular varieties of green asparagus is named after Martha Washington, the wife of George Washington.
 
 
87% of satistics are made up

Kangaroos and Emus cant move backwards
 
 
There is a new breed of azaelas that rebloom three times in a season instead of only once and there is a new impatient flower that can tolerate full sun. yay!
 
 
I just learned this morning the root of the fable that crrots are good for the eyes. When the British first used radar, they didn't want the Germans to know, so they put up the tale that the pilots were being fed great quantities of carrots, which dramatically improved their vision.
 
 
What new thing have you learned recently?
I've recently learned to enjoy the new season which is upon us, the fresh air and water, and the brilliance of the sun which comes through my windows...
 
 
Right now, the farmers in my area are busy putting manure on their fields. :wink:
 
 
What new thing have you learned recently?
Organically grown foods taste MUCH better than the regular kind.
 
 
everyone who visits myspace wants to know the answer to the same riddle  
 
 
I just learned my dog has her own name, and not the one I gave her, but I am sworn to secrecy not to reveal it.
 
 
 
everyone who visits myspace wants to know the answer to the same riddle  
 

Which space is that?
 
 
 
I just learned my dog has her own name, and not the one I gave her, but I am sworn to secrecy not to reveal it.
 

Under pain of death?
 
 
 
 
everyone who visits myspace wants to know the answer to the same riddle  
 

Which space is that?
 

myspace.com. i don't know anything about it, except that some would be school shooters have been nabbed because of something they posted there.
 
 
 
 
I just learned my dog has her own name, and not the one I gave her, but I am sworn to secrecy not to reveal it.
 
Under pain of death?
 
She won't say but I did find one of my rat tale files in her bed next to some tooth shavings!
 
 
 
myspace.com. i don't know anything about it, except that some would be school shooters have been nabbed because of something they posted there.
 

that site looks like a teen dating service.

<yuk>
 
 
 
 
 
I just learned my dog has her own name, and not the one I gave her, but I am sworn to secrecy not to reveal it.
 
Under pain of death?
 
She won't say but I did find one of my rat tale files in her bed next to some tooth shavings!
 

Huh? You okay?
 
 
Some World Records

Arranging A Deck Of Cards - Fastest Time
Kunihiko Terada (Japan) arranged a shuffled deck of cards in order (Ace through Ten, Jack, Queen, King for Diamonds, Clubs, Hearts and Spades), in his hands only, in 40.36 sec at the Hard Rock Cafe, Tokyo, Japan on January 25, 2004.

Fastest 100m On A Unicycle
Peter Rosendahl set a unicycle sprint record for 100 m from a standing start of 12.11 sec (29.72 km/h, or 18.47 mph) at Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, on March 25, 1994. His unicycle talents have achieved him eight Guinness World Records, taken him to 36 countries and won him appearances on 75 TV shows.

Loudest Scream
Classroom assistant Jill Drake (UK) screamed at an incredible 129 decibels when measured at the Halloween festivities held in the Millennium Dome in London, UK, in October 2000. To spook out visitors in the run up to Halloween, organizers at the Dome were challenging people to beat the loudest scream record.

When Jill took to the stage, her screaming broke the record, not just once, but twice in a row! However, she only needed one attempt to reach an ear-splitting 129 decibels. The British classroom assistant couldn't believe her ears when she was told her decibels were the most deafening. And how did she react to that? "Absolute amazement, I knew I was loud, but not that loud," she says.

It wasn't her big shout that gave her a sore throat, though, it was all the talking she had to do afterwards! Her achievement took her on a celebratory whirlwind tour of the chat show circuit. "I did 11 live radio shows and made a TV appearance. I was very, very hoarse for a while," she croaks.

Jill admits she's had plenty of yelling practice in the past, thanks to her two sons playing loud music in a three-story house. "I used to shout up at them as I was the only one they could hear above the music," she laughs. However, she protests she doesn't use her lung power in the classroom. "Believe it or not, I don't shout and scream at the children. I am very placid and quiet at school!"

Strangest Diet
Michel Lotito (aka Monsieur Mangetout) from Grenoble, France, has been eating metal and glass since 1959. Gastroenterologists have described his ability to consume 900 g (2 lb) of metal per day as "unique". Mangetout - Michel's nickname - literally translates as "eats everything". Michel says bananas and hard-boiled eggs make him sick.

Most Cards Memorized
British mindbender Dominic O'Brien memorized on a single sighting a random sequence of 54 separate packs of cards all shuffled together (2,808 playing cards) at the basement bar of Simpson's-In-The-Strand, London, UK, on May 1, 2002.

It took Dominic 11 hours 42 minutes to memorize the 54 packs, and reciting them in the exact sequence took 3 hours 30 minutes. Guinness World Record rules allow only 0.5% margin of error (so no more than 14 errors), and memory-man Dominic completed the record with just eight errors - four mistakes and four prompted corrections.
 
 
A Leg Up On Other Creatures

If you've ever wondered why the octopus has eight legs, it might be because the mothers need them when they go into a dark cave, and lay up to 100,000 eggs. Each egg has a string attached, and she links them together and hangs the entire bunch from the ceiling, standing guard over them until they hatch in approximately 50 days. At that time, the "kids" may very well become motherless, as many females die of starvation before the hatchlings emerge.

Depending on the species, an adult octopus can be as small as one inch, like the male Walnut Octopus, whose mate grows up to 6.5 feet long. Or, they can be as large as the Giant Pacific Octopus, which has been known to weigh 270 kg. with a spread of 23 feet from arm tip to arm tip.

One of their more interesting defense mechanisms, is the ability to shoot an ink out of its body when threatened. Depending on the predator and their eyesight, this can serve to disguise the octopus' scent, provide a screen behind which they escape, or form tendrils in the water, which mimic the octopus's limbs and cause the attacker to mistake the ink for the real thing.

Then there is their talent for changing color, either as a camouflage or because they are distressed. Like other cephalopods, the octopus has pigment cells called chromatophores, each of which holds three colors. Blended in various way, according to whatever trigger activates their nervous system, they can change from one color to another, in seconds.

Oddly enough, with all its other unique features, the octopus is the first one to falter when it comes to "armed" combat, even if they do have eight of them. That's because the oxygen carrying component of their blood, called hemocyanin, is copper-based, and less efficient at carrying oxygen through their systems, than the iron-based hemoglobin that humans have. Consequently, oxygen used up, the octopus tires easily in a struggle.

A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.

 
 
 
 
 
 
This Will Bowl You Over

Did King Tut play tenpin? It's quite possible, because bowling is one of the world's oldest known sports. The first recorded evidence of the basic equipment, was found in a pyramid from around 5,000B.C. It consisted of a ball and set of marble bars that appeared to be the accompanying pins, in case the pharaoh had some spare time in the afterlife.

In more modern times, or around 1200A.D., bowling for pins became popular in England, but it was strictly an outdoor sport. It would be at least another two centuries before the game moved indoors. The Brits still have lawn bowling, as well as other bowling related games such as skittles, nine pins and half-bowls.

In Europe, the game was first played with nine pins, and was carried to America with Dutch settlers, in that format. Not only did it become popular, it got to be a betting sport, and that propensity for wagering, is what caused the game to become "tenpin", according to popular legend. In 1840, the Connecticut legislature outlawed nine pins, due to excessive gambling on the outcome of games. Savvy players solved the minor problem by adding a tenth pin.

But they'd still be picking up those pins and setting them by hand, for another hundred years, until the invention of an automatic pinspotter in the 1940s.

Bowling remains such a popular sport today, that you'll find one of the world's largest bowling alleys in the Showboat Hotel, Las Vegas. It boasts 106 lanes. The former king of bowling, the now closed, was the Tokyo World Bowling Lanes Center in Japan, which had an unbelievable 252 lanes in one facility.

The world's biggest bowling alley is located in Las Vegas at the Showboat hotel and has 106 lanes.
 
 
 
Multi-tasking at Midnight

Researchers have always held that primates are the only animal/mammals on Earth, capable of higher order thinking. But in recent years they have had to revise those theories, as studies of dolphin behavior and activity, has brought to light, some fascinating new facts.

Although dolphins have not been studied to the extent that primates have, it is already evident that they are capable of learning and accomplishing many of the things that primates are, despite the fact that their brain structure, and mode of "thinking", is vastly different from man or apes.

For example, the human brain is constructed on a front to back axis, with the regions in the front of the brain being responsible for higher order functions. The outer layer of the brain, or cortex, is the sleep center, which requires replenishing or other functions suffer, such as speech, cognitive abilities, mood, and ability to reason.

The human and primate cortex, is made up of a great variety of cells. But in the dolphin, the brain has only a few patterns of cells that are repeated over and over. Only one half the dolphin brain "sleeps" at any given time, which allows the air-breathing dolphin, to stay at the surface, and swim if necessary, during periods of rest.

In comparison, the dolphin's brain size in ratio to its body, is greater than a primate's. Like humans, they are able to process information, solve problems, and communicate. And while their interaction with Man verges on "understanding", Man has yet to discover how to cross the communications barrier.

Dolphins can swim and sleep at the same time.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Watched a special on Leonardo Da Vinci last week on Modern Marvels (I think.). I had absolutely no idea how extensive his military inventions were, or his designs for scuba suits and robots! He truly was genius.
 
 
For those that want to bone up on Da vinci,  HERE  is a nice bio.
 
 
 
 
 
Maybe this is very, very late but I did not know until recently that Mya Rudolph on "Saturday Night Live" is the daughter of the late singer Minnie Riperton.
 
 
(thank goodness for Google)

Last night I was reading a romance   set in Texas. There was talk about Satanta - a Kiowa. I got to wondering, so looked him up tonight.

Whadda ya know - he was real.

 http://www.snowwowl.com/nativeleaders/satanta.html 
 
 
You found it!

And I keep seeing something about Setanta on the BBC Online News page...
will give a link if I see it again.
 
 
HAHA! "White Bear Person"!!!
 
 
Well, I found something. I'm still not convinced this is what I was looking for - but it meets the need.

Is Setanta playing footie again?
 
 
 

My husband told me this last week and then my brother confirmed it.
The whole style of young guys wearing their pants like this, showcasing their underware, originates from prison where the jailhouse queens would sport their pants hanging low to let it be known that they were 'available'. There's even a special term for it but I can't remember it now.

Can you imagine if the young guys who rock this look were made aware of that fact? They'd yank those pants up quick fast and in a hurry, I'd bet!
 
 
Ye gads! This thread is a blast from the past!

Beth, how the heck did ya remember it?
 
 
Always learning new things and itching to share...
 
 
I found this mooocho interesting. Maybe you will, too.

Ectomorph, Endomorph, and Mesomorph

[...]
There are three main body types: Ectomorph, Endomorph, and Mesomorph, each of which are characterised by a particular build and propensity to weight gain. Ectomorph's are characterised by being of slim build with a delicate bone structure and a high metabolic rate. In short, this is the body type idealised by the media and the model industry. Someone with this body type will have no difficulty in meeting the required standard without damage to his or her health.

The same is not true of either mesomorph's who are inclined to have more muscular bodies or endomorph's whose body metabolism is slowest of all types and the most likely to put on weight. Someone with a mesamorphic body type might be able to achieve a model-like body but it is unlikely that it could be done without resorting to virtual starvation and other extreme measures.

Despite the fact that the majority of women will never be this size or build, they are bombarded with dietary advice, equipment, drugs, surgery and reports that tell them that they only have to do x or y to achieve a body like a certain model.

Although women of all ages are susceptible to this media pressure, it is more often young teenage girls who fall prey to it. Many trying to achieve the ideal body will develop eating disorders such as anorexia nervosa and bulimia, which can be fatal or at least lead to further health problems in the future.

[...]

 link 
 
 
What did I learn today?

That I do not completely understand this term, nor do I harbor the mindset to accommodate it

--- " pick your battles"--
 
 
:wink:  
 
 
That level 2 with one instructor is the same as level 3 with another.
 
 
 
What did I learn today?

That I do not completely understand this term, nor do I harbor the mindset to accommodate it

--- " pick your battles"--
 

Come on shewolf. I can't believe that you really don't understand this term?

And it's not a bad thing at all. As a matter of fact, IMO it's quite progressive and sometimes, on certain projects, it's my credo. If I'm having a rough time with a client and there are alot of details that we're battling over, I decide what is most important to me, what's worth fight for, and let the other things go. That's "picking your battles".
 
 
I have learnt that Dreamweaver saves the templates onto the hard drive and not on the remote server. That has to be done manually. I wish I have learnt this about 5 hours earlier.  
Otherwise I'm enjoying learning web designing, from scratch (no pre-fab templates), very proud of myself.
 
 
I learned, from a 9 year old, that I should have dark green shoes to make my dark green shirt. Are there dark green shoes to be had?
 
 
 
I have learnt that Dreamweaver saves the templates onto the hard drive and not on the remote server. That has to be done manually. I wish I have learnt this about 5 hours earlier.
 

ouch!
 
 
I learned in scrabble that crwth is an english word which means a welsh six-stringed instrument played with a bow.
 
 
(jotting that one down for my next Scrabble battle)
 
 
I learned that the term "democrat" originated as an epithet and referred to ~ one who panders to the crude and mindless whims of the masses.
 
 
[looking back the last few posts]

Hey, who knew that there was still soooo much to learn in one day still, after all these years, eh?  
 
 
Today is Fathers Day in Singapore.
 
 
@Reyn,

 
What new thing have you learned recently?
 

How surprised I am when an old thread of mine from way back gets bumped up.  
 
 
@hingehead,

Oh, it's fathers day in the US too!
 
 
@Reyn,

Took me ages to find it Reyn, but I knew it was in here somewhere....
 
 
@hingehead,

I learned how to make a scale drawing of the exterior of a house. I had to learn how to do it so I could teach some painting and decorating students how to do it. The instructor gave me 8 out of 10 on my first try. I was very proud of myself and felt a huge sense of accomplishment.
 
 
