 
 
What is the Rah capital of academia, UK (Poll)
 
 
Which of the following UK universities, in your opinion, has most Rahs?

Durham
Edinburgh
Exeter
Newcastle
Royal Holloway
St Andrews
Edinburgh

or

Other (please specify)
 
 
inb4 UWE.

Biggin it up westside, rah rah rah
 
 
St. Andrews any day of the week.

Edit: 69th post lololololol.
 
 
Whichever it is.. i'm gonna visit.

A lot of Rah girls are so hawt ;D
 
 
Out of those universities, I would say Durham is the most rah!!
 
 
Unless someone has been to all of them they are not in a position to say, it will just be guess work - and probably not very well informed guesswork at that.
 
 
Who on earth put RHUL as an option?!
 
 
 
Unless someone has been to all of them they are not in a position to say, it will just be guess work - and probably not very well informed guesswork at that.

 

Well spoken, sir! Durham does have a lot though   I would be so bold as to say more than Oxbridge. You've generally got to end up in one of the Bailey colleges or pursue a rah course to meet them though. I love the female variety.
 
 
How do you get a female rah to consumate with you?
 
 
 
How do you get a female rah to consumate with you?

 

by rahing at her

sorry, terrible humour
 
 
 
by rahing at her

sorry, terrible humour

 

What if I were to wear tweed underpants?
 
 
Bristol?
 
 
Newcastle? Hah, we just love pasties and beer up here.
 
 
My ex-girlfriend was at Durham University. There are so many bloody rahs in that city.

I go to university in London, and live in South East. Rahs don't exist here. I think they require a certain lack of ethnic diversity in order to flourish.
 
 
Bristol is the most "rah", although I hear Exeter is even worse from friends who study there!?
 
 
But from this poll so far Durham is head and shoulders above the rest.... LOL
 
 
Just not royal holloway, they're mostly Chinese or just dirt.
 
 
 
Bristol?

 

Yeah I was going to say Bristol
 
 
Apparently there's some at the Royal Agricultural College, very rah place in rah Gloucestershire.
 
 
I went to Edinburgh and there's a lot there. Apparently Durham is real bad. Oxbridge have their share too. Even Madchester now is afflicted. I hate rahs. Go to somewhere like Queen mary and westfield or East London and maybe you'll avoid them.
 
 
Nottingham has a huge, horrible Rah crowd. Thousands of Kesha-lookalikes and Jack Wills-loving pinheads.
 
 
