 
 
So, what do you think, are we gonna win?
 
 
It's looking good for us, no?!

I mean, "us" meaning nobody on this board except for me I guess, but hey, what do you think??

Impressive, huh!
 
 
Since we'll fly home on Monday: yes.
 
 
Of course! The Laker's suck...  
 
 
The Dutch are on a roll! Who knew?
 
 
Y'er lookin' good. Most of my pitchers and batters are taking a week off.

On the other hand, Nadal won the French..
 
 
After the shellacking they took the last game, outscored by 10, they should bounce back and win.
 
 
Oranje in Bern
 
 
 

Wat een nieuwe knalprestatie van Oranje!
 
 
I think you've got a pretty good chance, judging from just the one game I saw... against Italy.
 
 
 
I think you've got a pretty good chance, judging from just the one game I saw... against Italy.
 

They just beat France 4:1 tonight!  

Italy and France, two of the three countries at the top in the game, both by 3-point margins... I'd never have believed it! Looking good, looking good...
 
 
 
The Dutch are on a roll! Who knew?
 

 
Wat een nieuwe knalprestatie van Oranje!
 

Right on!

 
Of course! The Laker's suck...  
 

 
Y'er lookin' good. Most of my pitchers and batters are taking a week off.

On the other hand, Nadal won the French..
 

 
After the shellacking they took the last game, outscored by 10, they should bounce back and win.
 

 

Yer good sports, all of ya  
 
 
This is the best looking Dutch team in literally 30 years--since they fought the Argentines all the way to the third overtime period in the World Cup final. I was watching in a pub in Ireland. One of my buddies bet me two pounds that Argentina would win. Since it wasn't that much money, i took the Dutch, and the bet. Later, in the second period, with Argentina lead 1-0, and after many pints, he bet me five pounds the Dutch wouldn't score.

Holland lost the match, but i netted three pounds.
 
 
For those illiterate in international football, that refers to the 1978 World Cup final, where Holland played the host nation, Argentina.
 
 
Soooo.... this isn't all about the Celtics then?  

hehehehe
 
 
A random pub in The Hague, earlier tonight (came across  the photo on Flickr  ):

 
 
 
OK OK OK, you have my attention.
 
 
 
 
I think you've got a pretty good chance, judging from just the one game I saw... against Italy.
 

They just beat France 4:1 tonight!  

Italy and France, two of the three countries at the top in the game, both by 3-point margins... I'd never have believed it! Looking good, looking good...
 

Just came back from watching that game (taped) at my brother's house. Holy shit! That was a really good game. Ok, France's goalie is not so good, but still. After watching that, I'd say you have a really good chance. Your team is solid -- every goal is scored by a different player and passing is superb.
 
 
What's the deal, we all have to guess or be stupid?

I'm interested, please explicate.
 
 
 
What's the deal, we all have to guess or be stupid?
 

Set already let the cat out of the bag, Osso - see his second post above. Football -- or what you call soccer. European Championships, in this case.
 
 
Re: So, what do you think, are we gonna win?

 
I mean, "us" meaning nobody on this board except for me I guess, but hey, what do you think??

Impressive, huh!
 

Lalalalala, I don't hear you! No idea what you're talking about! Honest!
 
 
Hehhehheh...

With some luck, we'll still face off against you guys, Thomas - and get our revenge for 1974!
 
 
 
With some luck, we'll still face off against you guys, Thomas - and get our revenge for 1974!
 

If we're lucky, that is.

However, if we play 'Holland', then of course, that's a totally different view, you... you...!
 
 
Italy advances..
 
 
Thanks to injury and red cards. Ah well.

Orange is still looking like my favorite, with the Turks as my favorite dark horse. I am still in awe at their game against Czech on Sunday. Tough to go much further without your first keeper, though.
 
 
Go Netherlands!

Don't know if you can go all the way - but I'm supporting you!

Pity Italy couldn't be eliminated entirely.

Bloody cheats!
( from an Australian who remembers the last World Cup!   )
 
 
The Clockwork Orange plays beautifully, and is fun to watch. Even the reserves anihillated Romania.

My son Patada Veloz bet on them to be Eurochampions. I guess he's happy.

My take on the following phases:

Portugal, with less flare than what was boasted, barely defeats the seemengly rusty Deutsche Fussball Maschine.
Croatia has shown quality and it will be more than Turkey's guts.
The Netherlands will simply roll over good typical Hiddink team, Russia.
Spain, true to its tradition of starting strong and going downslope, will be defeated by Italy, true to its tradition of starting weak and getting better.

Portugal will lose surprisingly to Croatia.
Italy's class won't be enough against Holland.

Orange Eurochampions
 
 
The Germans are rusty indeed. They make too much money and don't
want to run after the ball.  

I at least hope for a 1:1 tomorrow.
 
 
I'm here to represent the ignorant but interested.

Carry on.
 
 
I can't argue with fbaezer's predictions one bit.
 
 
Well, well, I think I take back what I said earlier  
 
 
Is it a good game? I wasn't going to tune in because (sorry) I find Germany boring to watch. But now I'll have to.
 
 
It's a good game, Freeduck, as it will decide if Germany advances or not.
So they have to give it their all.... It's halftime now, so wait a bit.
 
 
VIENNA, Austria - Whether it has any bearing on Monday's crunch Euro
2008 match between the two countries is debatable but Austria drew
first blood on Sunday when their topless women's soccer team beat
Germany 10-5.

The traditional swapping of shirts afterwards was not an option as the
six-a-side teams wore nothing but thongs, with the national colors
painted on to their bare skin.

The football may not have been of the highest quality but that did not
temper the enthusiasm of a mostly male crowd boosted by a sizeable
media presence only too happy to desert Euro 2008 training for an hour
or two.

The match was organized by a chat room web site.

Austria were delighted with a victory they hoped would be a
morale-booster for their male counterparts but was not without its
serious side.

"I hope our men will take heart from that tomorrow. We played pretty
hard, we even had some injuries, like I for example broke my toe
nail," 29-year-old bank employee Doris Fastenmeir told Reuters.

The Germans took defeat sportingly and joined their opponents for
alcopops and dancing at a beach club alongside the Danube.

"I was supposed to hold the balls but I really have no idea how to do
that," said German keeper Jana Bach.

"Maybe it is because I am not all that much into soccer. I am more
into shoes to be honest."

The verdict of the onlookers?

"They might have to work on their technique a bit but it was
definitely a rather pleasant game to watch and a very nice version of
the 'beautiful game'," said Rolf Hansen from Berlin.
 
 
Yep, I was reading the play by play online (I canceled my cable so I can't watch it unless I go to my brother's house or the local bar... hey there's an idea) and it looks like a good game.
 
 
  Is that for real, George?
 
 
 Would I lie to you? 
 
 
Haha, that's funny, George.

Freeduck, look online, maybe they show it live somewhere...
 
 
I was able to get it when I was at work because the service provider there carries ESPN but my home carrier doesn't and I'm working from home today. It's no big deal, my brother tivo's them all and we usually watch them in the evening. But I like reading the play by play.
 
 
Gary Linneker: "Football is a game played by two teams of 11 players, where Germany always wins".
 
 
 
A random pub in The Hague, earlier tonight (came across  the photo on Flickr  ):

 

Did anyone say The Hague? Oh, collective sports....nemmind.
 
 
Yeaaahhhhh for Michael Ballack!!!! 1:3 for Germany  
 
 
We barely made it, and will go ahead to the semi-final.

Portugal was good! Germany was a tad better  
 
 
A slight correction:

 
My take on the following phases:

Portugal, with less flare than what was boasted, is barely defeated by the seemengly not so rusty Deutsche Fussball Maschine.

 
 
 
 
The Germans are rusty indeed. They make too much money and don't
want to run after the ball.  

I at least hope for a 1:1 tomorrow.
 

You should have known better. We rarely win pretty, but we usually win.

SOOO EIN TAAAAG, SO WUNDERSCHOEOEOEOEOEN WIE HEEEEEUTE <burps>
 
 
I guess I am a bit rusty with my fellow countrymen too: predicted wrong!!
Don't sing just yet, Thomas - only when the fat lady has finished!
 
 
Bugger.
 
 
 
 
 
 
-
-
-
My take on the following phases:

Portugal, with less flare than what was boasted, barely defeats the seemengly rusty Deutsche Fussball Maschine.
Croatia has shown quality and it will be more than Turkey's guts.
The Netherlands will simply roll over good typical Hiddink team, Russia.
-
-
Orange Eurochampions
 

  Genius! Sheer genius!
 
 
I had so not expected this.
 
 
So tell me, did they use medical tape for those numbers?
 
 
Sorry, nimh. A bad night for the Orange. So far not a single quarter final has ended the way I thought it would. Now, if Italy could just knock out Spain then every single group winner will be out. Interesting tournament this is.
 
 
I went 0 for 4 in my predictions.

Sorry Nimh. I feel also sorry for the few pounds Patada Veloz left at the bookies.
Sorry me. I'll find tomorrow so many "New Spaniards" at work.
 
 
The speed of the game between Holland and Russia was incredible. Spain had better watch out because the Russians just may take them.
 
 
Waaahhh!!
 
 
I would like to see the Spaniards advance. They haven't been in the
finals since 1984 - they deserve a break. I'm glad the Italians are out.
They have little technic, but much drama and foul play.

So I am rooting for the Spaniards (for now)  

Of course I also hope that the Germans beat the Turks, and since
there are so many Turks living in Germany, it could get iffy.
 
 
On the other hand, that game could do wonders for ethnic relations in the Netherlands. Hand in hand, arm in arm, Turk and Dutchman will watch the game and cheer on Turkey -- to defeat the Krauts!  

Right now I'm rooting for a final between Spain and Turkey, but yeah, never gonna happen.
 
 
Yeah... because it'll be Russia vs. Turkey.

Kidding.
 
 
It'll probly be Russia vs Germany, dammit.
 
 
That would suck. As well as Russia plays, I'm not sure it's enough to make me want to watch the Germans (sorry CJ and Thomas).
 
 
I figure Germany will beat Turkey as long as they don't score on them until the 90th minute. God help them if there's stoppage time.
 
 
Italy and Germany are the teams everybody (who has not other afinities) loves to hate.

Why?

Germany, because it doesn't have a definite style of play.
Italy, because it has the most definite style, is extremely tactical and not very spectacular.

Germany, because its players are too cold and "unhuman".
Italy, because its players are too hot, and dramatize.

Germany, because if they're winning, they'll crush the opponent with no mercy.
Italy, because if they're winning, they play with the opponent like cat and mouse.

Germany, because their press always says how bad they are, and they win nevertheless.
Italy, because their press always says how great they are, whether they win or lose.

Germany, because they have a win-win never give up mentality.
Italy, because they have a draw-win never give up mentality.

Germany, because it's a football powerhouse.
Italy, because it's a football powerhouse.

....

So...

Germany will crush Turkey unmercilessly (Turkey has 10 players either injured or suspended).
Spain will be surprised by Russia (I hope not, but I fear it will happen).

---

Hiddink rules!

Took the Netherlands to World Cup semi-finals in 1998.
Took South Korea to World Cup semi-finals in 2002.
Took Australia to the second round in 2006, and was defeated by champions-to-be Italy due only to a contested penalty kick.
Now see what he's done with Russia!
 
 
You can definitely see his mark on that team.

I don't hate the Germans, I just don't like to watch them play. I'm generalizing here, but they tend to use their size advantage by playing long balls a lot. It's tactically smart, just boring to watch.
 
 
Plus, they're Germans.

I mean, come on.

( :wink: )
 
 
 
I don't hate the Germans, I just don't like to watch them play. I'm generalizing here, but they tend to use their size advantage by playing long balls a lot. It's tactically smart, just boring to watch.
 

You are describing English, Irish, Scottish and US style of play.

Germany has an undefined style. Some German clubs play with the ball on the ground and short passes (Standfussball); others, play English style, with long balls and crosses to the area. The National team plays a strange mixture of those.
The essence of German football is much more in what it doesn't do: it hates "Querpass", (square pass), which is to move the ball around without moving the ball much forward (like Mexico, or Croatia). It loves "Beinshuss", which it to mark very strongly and closely the opponent, and a "torgefärlich" attitude: to be dangerous in front of the arch.
We must add to this a touch of philosophy (they wouldn't be Germans, would they?). "The ball is round", they say, quoting Sepp Harberger, meaning that's the only certainty on the game. You haven't won or lost until the "Schlusspfiff": the final whistle. That's why we never see a German team enveloped in Nietschean pessimism when it's behind. The German machine whistles and whistles, whether they are locals or visitors, whether it's hot, rainy or cold, whether they're losing, drawing or winning by seven goals, because - as Arabian goalie Al-Daeyea knows too well-, there is always room for an eighth.

It may be not fun to root for the German team (very few people do, outside the Germans), but you cannot but admire them.
 
 
 
 
I don't hate the Germans, I just don't like to watch them play. I'm generalizing here, but they tend to use their size advantage by playing long balls a lot. It's tactically smart, just boring to watch.
 

You are describing English, Irish, Scottish and US style of play.
 

Not their national teams, no, and as I said I am generalizing. Nobody cares about the US because we're sad to watch. (Though I'm still holding out hope we'll get better.)

 
Germany has an undefined style. Some German clubs play with the ball on the ground and short passes (Standfussball); others, play English style, with long balls and crosses to the area. The National team plays a strange mixture of those.
The essence of German football is much more in what it doesn't do: it hates "Querpass", (square pass), which is to move the ball around without moving the ball much forward (like Mexico, or Croatia). It loves "Beinshuss", which it to mark very strongly and closely the opponent, and a "torgefärlich" attitude: to be dangerous in front of the arch.
We must add to this a touch of philosophy (they wouldn't be Germans, would they?). "The ball is round", they say, quoting Sepp Harberger, meaning that's the only certainty on the game. You haven't won or lost until the "Schlusspfiff": the final whistle. That's why we never see a German team enveloped in Nietschean pessimism when it's behind. The German machine whistles and whistles, whether they are locals or visitors, whether it's hot, rainy or cold, whether they're losing, drawing or winning by seven goals, because - as Arabian goalie Al-Daeyea knows too well-, there is always room for an eighth.

It may be not fun to root for the German team (very few people do, outside the Germans), but you cannot but admire them.
 

Oh, I do. When I think Germany I think "effective", "predictable" and "steady". As I've said before, they're damn good. It's just not something I enjoy watching, that's all. And I'm strictly talking about the national team, here, not about German football in general. I couldn't say about that any more than I could say about any other country not having followed their clubs and leagues.
 
 
 
Oh, I do. When I think Germany I think "effective", "predictable" and "steady". As I've said before, they're damn good. It's just not something I enjoy watching, that's all. And I'm strictly talking about the national team, here, not about German football in general. I couldn't say about that any more than I could say about any other country not having followed their clubs and leagues.
 

We actually have a word for our style of playing in Germany. We call it Rasenschach -- lawn chess.
 
 
Jajajaja, those darn Germans!!  

As I said before, those guys make too much money, they're not in it with
their hearts. They never will play like the Portuguese or Brazilians or
other Latin countries - they're stiff Germans for crying out loud.

I agree with you fbaezer with the exception that the Italians are cry babies
and throw themselves to the ground every 2 seconds insinuating foul play
by their opponents. I don't see them as having much style and tactic.
They're the Kamikaze of the soccer world.
 
 
Cute, Thomas. I'm not a big fan of the Italians either, with one exception, and that's their goalie. I have a king-sized crush on him.
 
 
Freeduck, you crack me up! How come you're into European soccer?
I don't know any American woman (or most men for that matter) who are into it. Big compliment to you!
 
 
 
Cute, Thomas. I'm not a big fan of the Italians either, with one exception, and that's their goalie. I have a king-sized crush on him.
 

Well, at least in this tournament, your crush isn't on some French brute ramming his head into another player's stomach. That's progress
 
 
Hey, Zidane was cute. Even I realise that, and I'm a guy... he had charm.
 
 
  He was the strong silent type. CJane, I love soccer but I don't have time to follow clubs and leagues. The big cups get my attention. (silence Thomas!)
 
 
 Ha!!! 
 
 
Yes!  
 
 
Live by the (last minutes) sword, die by the (last minutes) sword.

Poetic justice, but Turkey played a gallant cup.
 
 
Yep, I knew they were out when they scored first. But they played really really well. Hats off.

Great, now I have to watch the Germans in the final. Snore.

(kidding)
 
 
 
Great, now I have to watch the Germans in the final. Snore.

(kidding)
 

I don't buy that you're kidding. But rest assured: Large cup sizes will keep you awake. They always do that for me.
 
 
I wasn't able to see the game, unfortunately  
I'm glad they won, and I hope the Turkish communities in Germany
have taken the loss without major incidents.
 
 
So what do y'all think? Russia or Spain.
I say Spain.
I always say Spain.
But this time, I believe it.
 
 
Me too, George!! I actually want Spain to win, they deserve it, especially
now since it's been over 20 years that they have come this far.

In the meantime, Germany celebrates

 
 
 
"What's a nice girl like you doing with a flag like this?"
 
 
 
 
Great, now I have to watch the Germans in the final. Snore.

(kidding)
 

I don't buy that you're kidding. But rest assured: Large cup sizes will keep you awake. They always do that for me.
 

Are the naked ladies still playing?
 
 
WEll George, we were right!!!

Sunday is the final - hopefully Spain's winning streak will last that long.

 
 
 
They earned that win. They have a strong chance against the Germans. Yesterday's game had me missing the Turks badly.
 
 
Generally, I'm all for this multicultural, kumbaya, let's all play soccer and love each other stuff. And I do have family in Spain, too. But this week I won't hear of anything like this. Until tomorrow, I neither know, nor care to know, anything about Spain, except for one thing: Spain is in big trouble.
 
 
Viva Espana!
 
 
Ole!
 
 
We Dutch are a pragmatical people. We are extremely passionate about supporting our own team. But once it's been thrown out, we are very flexible and will support any other team that plays against Germany  
 
 
Yes, the Spaniards certainly deserved the win. The Germans played lousy,
the best player was the goal keeper.

After 40 years in the back seat, I am very happy for the Spaniards!!!
Madrid, Barcelona, Seville: they're just waiting to start the fire works!!
 
 
Damn!

Well, I have to admit, the Spanish deserved to w...
The Spanish deserved to wwwwwww.....................

... er, let's just say Germany had a bad day.
 
 
  They're still in second place which isn't so bad either...
 
 
Viva España !!

I almost felt sorry for the Germans in the end... But apart from a relatively short phase midway through, when the Germans got shot after shot they barely missed, Spain was just better. Especially near the end; the Germans needed to score, but they werent even getting proper chances, they remained on the back foot throughout.
 
 
Seems like a good moment for some vintage kitsch...

Note the most recent comments!  
 
 
Ha! Here I go digressing... but I clicked on a related video, another "Viva Espana" obviously (this time  in a Euro 2008 stadium  ) - and check out the comments to see how getting rid of both the Germans and the Russians has earned Spain a lot of fans abroad.. like in Holland.. and like in Lithuania, Poland...

Europe's a funny continent. Sublimation of all this stuff through sport games cant be a bad thing :wink:
 
 
I love the clip from the stadium, and hey: after 44 years the Spaniards
have finally won! Who wouldn't grant them their victory - well deserved
victory I might add.

Most Germans are happy for them and do celebrate with them! It's
nice to see!
 
 
Viva Espana!!! [/size]
 
 
Well done, well done. The best team won. Viva Espana! (insert tilda in appropriate place)
 
 
Ditto with the tilde. Also I feel mine should be in italics..

Anyway, good for Spain, Bravo...
 
 
¡La, joder!

¡Y el gol lo ha metido el Ni ñ o Torres!
 
 
