 
 
Will soccer league ever be big in North America?
 
 
I don't mean Mexico, because it's already big there, but will it ever amount to anything in North America? Is the MLS going in the right direction? And what on Earth will the CSA do?
 
 
MLS seems to be amounting to something here in central North America.

From what I've gathered, they're expanding this year, adding two teams to the league: Chivas USA, based in L.A., and Real Salt Lake, based in Utah. Chivas USA has a sponsorship deal with Chivas de Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico; and Real Salt Lake has a sponsorship deal with Real Madrid, Spain.
 
 
No, America loves violences and there is not enough in soccer.

You got football in the fall, Basketball/Hockey in the winter, Basebell in the spring and summer.

Thats 4 seasons and 4 spots. Nascar is trying to get its place in there. Golf has a place in the ranking. Poker gets more attention than soccer. And soccer comes last. It'll be hard for soccer to get more attention. Adu helped a bit but you haven't heard much about him since he got in have you? I'm afraid the only thing us soccer fans in the US can do is get cable and watch EUFA on FOX world sports. EUFA > MLS
 
 
 
MLS seems to be amounting to something here in central North America.

From what I've gathered, they're expanding this year, adding two teams to the league: Chivas USA, based in L.A., and Real Salt Lake, based in Utah. Chivas USA has a sponsorship deal with Chivas de Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico; and Real Salt Lake has a sponsorship deal with Real Madrid, Spain.
 

Cool. I certainly hope they do amount to something.

 
You got football in the fall, Basketball/Hockey in the winter, Basebell in the spring and summer.

Thats 4 seasons and 4 spots. Nascar is trying to get its place in there. Golf has a place in the ranking. Poker gets more attention than soccer. And soccer comes last. It'll be hard for soccer to get more attention. Adu helped a bit but you haven't heard much about him since he got in have you? I'm afraid the only thing us soccer fans in the US can do is get cable and watch EUFA on FOX world sports. EUFA > MLS
 

Well I can't blame poker people since I know some of them, but it's a real shame that it's not big in North America. I mean, I think lots of people in the U.S. and Canada play soccer, but yet there's little option in professional development at home.
 
 
I don't think it's exactly the violence of the sport that's the biggest problem. Soccer can certainly be every bit as violent as basketball or baseball. You try to dribble the ball by me where I can get a slide tackle in, and I'll show you some "violence."  

I think the biggest problem with "American" fans is that a large percentage simply don't understand the game, and thus don't appreciate the many subtle things that happen during a game. They don't see the beauty of a well-placed pass, a great run, or a perfectly timed tackle. They don't understand how amazing a 0-0 game can be.

MLS has made a lot of inroads into capturing some fan base. Hopefully it will continue, and educating the fans about the game is important. Soccer is a very popular game with youth, for a lot of reasons, and as the number of US soccer playing youth continues to increase, these players will become adult soccer fans, and I think we will, in time, see a greater demand for soccer in the US.
 
 
I live in the UK and the English league is constantly getting bigger and bigger. Personally I have no idea why Football (Soccer) isn't bigger in the USA and is big everywhere else in the world, the USA have talent in this area if they just realised it. Baseball, American Football and Basketball are the big sports in America but (no offence to any Americans out there) aren't general sports fan material for a good day out. In Baseball they have the World Series, when it isn't played any where else in the World, so how can it be a WORLD series?
Anyway, more money should be ploughed into Soccer and it will be bigger, better and the US team will do better. Just look at the 2002 World Cup- America did well in that considering that they haven't been playing for a long while.
Hopefully in 10 years time the North (and South) America will be challenging Europe for the popularity and play of Soccer.

Indie
 
 
indie: No offense taken, but I assure you that to Americans, American Football, Baseball and Basketball are great sports to watch "for a good day out." Taking in a baseball or football game at a stadium is a great event here.
 
 
that's fine. But those sort of games havent got the atmosphere that a soccer (football) match can give you.
 
 
 
that's fine. But those sort of games havent got the atmosphere that a soccer (football) match can give you.
 

I certainly wouldn't equate the atmosphere of an English league match to anything over here. I give you that. We aren't that rabid about our sport.
 
 
Never been to a Raiders game, eh Tico?

 

I hope that they can at least bring back the WUSA, the women't soccer league that folded a year or so ago. That sucks. There's an awful lot of disappointed young women out there.
 
 
NO!

Because soccer doesn't translate well to the tube.

There's no way to stop or break the action up into ad-sized chunks.

Sad, but true.
 
 
 
Never been to a Raiders game, eh Tico?

 

I hope that they can at least bring back the WUSA, the women't soccer league that folded a year or so ago. That sucks. There's an awful lot of disappointed young women out there.
 

No, but I know they have nice costumes at a lot of NFL games.

Ever seen the fans at an English soccer match? We like our sports here in the US, but let's not fool ourselves into thinking we are more rabid than the soccer-fans elsewhere. We have some rabid fans to be sure, but these folks are completely into it.

I hope so too, about the WUSA. Really a shame.
 
 
English fans are into it, i agree.
 
 
Tico:

No fans could be crazier than the Norwegians I saw watching the Winter Games a few years back.

Well--maybe the Aussies!
 
 
What was up with the norweigans?
 
 
I doubt if I will ever be much of a soccer fan personally, but I am surpised it hasn't become more popular than it is by now, given that the last generation of kids has grown up playing it.

I think Neoguin's point about the lack of suitability for television ads is a factor.

Also the full calendar of professional sports already, although if soccer could be played in the winter hockey might have provided a window of opportunity.

It could have something to do with the fact that, unlike basketball, baseball, and football, Americans neither invented nor refined soccer.

I don't expect it has much chance to grow an audience until it is more firmly established on the high school and college level --and American players become better known.
 
 
Indy:

They just seemed to be a lively bunch, now I admit that the olympics may have been why.

Grey:

Thanks, and as people like Frankie Adu and other younger people become more visible, you never know--NASCAR was supposedly doomed to be a niche sport too.
 
 
 
basketball
 

Basketball was invented in Canada. :wink:

Yeah, lots of people play soccer in North America but doesn't really play it professionally.
 
 
 
 
basketball
 

Basketball was invented in Canada. :wink:

Yeah, lots of people play soccer in North America but doesn't really play it professionally.
 

In 1891, the sport of basketball was invented in Massachusetts, USA, by Canadian minister Dr. James Naismith, future first basketball head coach at the University of Kansas. :wink:
 
 
Soccer is becoming huge in Canada, mainly because hockey is getting too expensive to outfit and play. In a generation or two, soccer will be just as big here as it is worldwide.
 
 
Football*'s beauty lies in its simplicity. A good game can be had by a handful of players, a (relatively) flat piece of ground, and markers for goal posts. There are few rules, and the only one that ever needs explaining to a newbie is "Offside", which still causes problems for professional referees!

In some ways, I hope that football* doesn't take off in North America, because it's one of the few sports that Britiain can beat the US at (the others being Rowing, Sailing, Darts and Snooker).

Childishness apart, I'd love to see the game grow in the US and Canada, because it'd be great to see more English-speaking players in the Premiership.

There are a few Americans in the Premiership - Tim Howard @ Manchester Utd and Brad Friedel @ Blackburn Rovers. Both are goalkeepers. There are more, but my employer's web-filter is stopping me from finding them.

* I refuse to call it "soccer". Sorry.
 
 
 
NO!

Because soccer doesn't translate well to the tube.

There's no way to stop or break the action up into ad-sized chunks.

Sad, but true.
 

That's putting the cart before the horse. TV doesn't make a sport popular (if it did, then the XFL would still be in existence): rather, it makes a sport that is already popular more popular. Remember, baseball was the national game long before the invention of television.

If a sport becomes popular enough to televise, then the networks will figure out a way to put advertising into the broadcasts. For instance, there are no stoppages in play in auto racing, but that hasn't prevented networks from televising NASCAR events. Hockey and basketball now have more and longer stoppages in play precisely because of television (ever watch a hockey game in a stadium and wonder why it takes them so long sometimes to send a guy off to the penalty box?). If enough people want to see soccer on tv, then tv networks will figure out a way to make soccer broadcasts economically feasible.

The complaint, then, that soccer would be more popular if it was only more "television-friendly" (meaning "commercial-friendly") is a lame excuse. It's tv-friendly enough in every other country on the planet, so that can't be the reason it isn't popular in the US.
 
 
 
In some ways, I hope that football* doesn't take off in North America, because it's one of the few sports that Britiain can beat the US at (the others being Rowing, Sailing, Darts and Snooker).
 

You forgot to mention cricket.

----

Kasey Keller is an US goalie with Borussia Mönchengladbach (1. Bundesliga), besides a couple of other players in the 1st and 2nd Bundesliga.
 
 
During the last World Cup, Budweiser sponsored many matches on television. These games were broadcast without commercial interruption, which is a great way to watch a soccer match. I remember it was Budweiser, because their logo was there on the screen during the entire game. Can be effective marketing tool. Sometimes they will have one company sponsor a half and another sponsor the other half. It seemed to me to be a fairly effective marketing strategy -- logo continuously on screen during all of the match, not just commercial breaks.
 
 
 
In some ways, I hope that football* doesn't take off in North America, because it's one of the few sports that Britiain can beat the US at (the others being Rowing, Sailing, Darts and Snooker).
 

You forgot cricket and lawn bowls.
 
 
When a match is shown on one of our commercial channels - mainly ITV or Sky Sports - the sequence goes roughly:

Studio discussion - 10 mins
Adverts - 3 mins
Teams onto pitch, first half of match, teams off pitch - 48 mins
Adverts - 3 mins
Studio discussion - 10 mins
Adverts - 3 mins
Teams onto pitch, second half of match, teams off pitch - 48 mins
Adverts - 3 mins
Studio discussion - 10 mins
Adverts - 3 mins (followed by next programme)

Total broadcast time: 138 mins
Total advert time - 15 mins (11%)

A regular programme with a 30 min time slot on these channels would normally have 3 mins of adverts halfway through, then 3 mins more at the end.

Total broadcast time: 30 mins
Total advert time - 6 mins (20%)

I know that Sky makes its "missing money" back by charging monthly subscription charges, and ITV make its "missing money" back by charging more for the adverts that are shown during the game - as the audiences are higher than those who would normally watch at that time if the game wasn't on.

So could this work in the US?
 
 
 
Kasey Keller is an US goalie with Borussia Mönchengladbach (1. Bundesliga), besides a couple of other players in the 1st and 2nd Bundesliga.
 

I think Keller used to play in the Premiership as well, but I'm not sure who for. More research needed...
 
 
Cricket? Oh yeah!

And Rugby (League and Union) as well!

Not to mention (I think) Curling and Shinty.

And Badminton.
 
 
Keller played with Milwall.
 
 
The mighty Milwall! Not quite Premiership, but they were in the FA cup final a year or so ago.
 
 
 
The mighty Milwall! Not quite Premiership, but they were in the FA cup final a year or so ago.
 

Watched it on tv last year, during one of my visits to your island :wink:
 
 
It will happen when the EU takes over the world. I'd give it about another 25 years.
 
 
They were reknowned when football hooliganism was at its peak for having the most violent fans in the whole country.
 
 
Grand Duke, Your post reminded me of that incident at the soccer field north of London some years ago. What was the name of that field?
 
 
CI - In north London, or to the north of London? The main football disaster here was at Hillsborough (Sheffield, S.Yorkshire) in 198X when 90-odd Liverpool fans were crushed to death after terrible crowd-control. Hmmm. You've got me thinking now, I'll have to come back to you on that one, I'm afraid. Any more clues?
 
 
 
Soccer is becoming huge in Canada, mainly because hockey is getting too expensive to outfit and play. In a generation or two, soccer will be just as big here as it is worldwide.
 

That' true. Our youth teams are good, our women team are great. They're televising soccer more here too.

Anyways, we got some players playing abroad. Hargreaves isn't Canadian anymore, but we still got Radzinski playing for Fulham, Stalteri playing for Werder Bremen is good too, etc.
 
 
Ray - I'm trying to compile a list of Canadian and American players in Britain. It should be interesting, I think.
 
 
Maybe one reason is an American kid doesn't have the best path to follow if he's a gifted athlete, in terms of going pro. Same kid's going to play football, hockey, baseball, ect...where he can become a professional athlete.

Well, at least kids growing up here don't have the big soccer stars and teams to follow, so they don't get into the sport for the long run, even though soccer is VERY popular in US for youth leagues through college. There's just no popularity as far as professional.
 
 
Landon Donovan just left the San Jose Earthquakes and returned to Bayer Leverkusen in Germany, who owns rights to him. He's a California boy.
 
 
 
Landon Donovan just left the San Jose Earthquakes and returned to Bayer Leverkusen in Germany, who owns rights to him. He's a California boy.
 

He played seven times since end of January, but only every time as substitute.
 
 
As usual, I agree with Joe from Chicago.

Football (soccer) is quite sellable on TV.

1. Except for national teams, most clubs have commercial announcements all over their uniforms.

 

 

2. There is a big chunk to be made on TV deals with static publicity (around the field). Big companies -for example Spain's Interdorna- pay millions of dollars to TV networks in order to control the static publicity.
(The TV network pays the team for the television rights).

 

3. There are the so-called "supers". Image superimposition, both within the game (little figures move in the low part of the screen, to form a logo or make other kind of advertisement) and during the lost time (the ball goes out, a few seconds, good enough for the camera to focus on the stands and change them, via computer, to, for example, have virtual fans waving a commercial, or even a political logo). At the beginning and end of periods, superimposed computer figures appear on the screen. Yesterday, for example, they entered the field, and blew a gigantic baloon with the logo of the leading brand of cellular phones.
Superimpositions are a pain in the ass, but let networks commercialize from one fourth to one third of the playing time.

4. When unregulated, commercial imagination takes you anywhere. In Mexico all football commentators have to say, at least once every period, that "this is the Comex Tournament, and Comex is the color of football" (Comex is a chain of painting stores).
 
 
 
4. When unregulated, commercial imagination takes you anywhere. In Mexico all football commentators have to say, at least once every period, that "this is the Comex Tournament, and Comex is the color of football" (Comex is a chain of painting stores).
 

Well, we don't have such here, but listening/watching matches in the "Daimler-Stadium" or "AOL-Arena" gives them an even higher number of name-dropping (my team still plays in the Parc Stadium, my wife's in the Westphalia Stadium - both are nearly bancrupt :wink: ).
 
 
The fact that Donovan only plays as a substitute is simply them dissing MLS, and out of respect for older players. He's just a kid, but very capable of starting.
 
 
 
Keller played with Milwall.
 

He played for spurs (Tottenham)
 
 
 
 
Keller played with Milwall.
 

He played for spurs (Tottenham)
 

Former teams were Millwall, Leicester City, Rayo Vallecano, Tottenham Hotspur, FC Southampton.
 
 
 
As usual, I agree with Joe from Chicago.
 

Are you sure you want to admit to that?  

 
Football (soccer) is quite sellable on TV.

1. Except for national teams, most clubs have commercial announcements all over their uniforms.
 

Americans have, I think, some ingrained prejudices against advertisements on uniforms (does anyone remember the big stink when a movie studio wanted to put "Spiderman II" logos on the bases in major league baseball?). Of course, NASCAR drivers and their cars are covered with ads, so I think the prejudice only extends to team sports. And we certainly would never go so far as to name the teams after their corporate owners, like they do in Japan, but that hasn't stopped companies from buying the naming rights to the stadiums in which the teams play.

Soccer's problem isn't that it won't work on tv (it works everywhere else), the problem, as I see it, is that soccer missed its chance to be America's sport over a century ago. Just when soccer, as a professional team sport, was establishing itself in Europe (around the end of the nineteenth century), baseball was already well-established in the United States as the summer game, and football was rapidly becoming firmly established as the autumn game (in high schools and colleges initially, as a professional league in the 1920s). Unlike in Europe, where there were relatively few competitors to soccer as a team sport, in the US the field was already fully occupied. There was, in other words, no room for soccer.

(As an extended aside: soccer enthusiasts have less to complain about, in this regard, than lacrosse fans. Lacrosse, after all, is indigenous to North America and has been played here longer than any other team sport. But lacrosse never really caught on either, even though there is a  professional lacrosse league . Comparisons between the two might be instructive.)

In order to fit soccer into the scene, it now needs to be perceived as a better alternative than an established sport (most likely baseball, since, in the US, soccer plays its season in the summer). And right now, it's not the tv networks that perceive soccer to be inferior (they'll broadcast anything -- witness the "X Games"), it's the public that clearly prefers baseball.

So if soccer is to catch on, it needs to draw fans away from baseball, and right now I just don't see that happening. Currently, it's quite likely that more people play soccer (or played it as kids) than play baseball, but that level of participation has not led to a commensurate level of interest in the professional game: soccer kids, in other words, don't grow up to become soccer fans. Frankly, I think that's because many people find soccer a much more enjoyable game to play than to watch (I feel the same way about golf and bowling).

In any event, soccer needs to put a product out there that will turn baseball fans into soccer fans. So far, and for whatever reason, soccer has failed to do that.
 
 
I personally find it stupid when I look at a team of soccer players and can't figure out who they really play for. Siemens? Exxon? Give me a break.
 
 
Well, it seems little girls like soccer and the highlight
of the soccer season every year is: those little tykes play
against their parents. So next Saturday, I'll be out
there in my improvised soccer gear and hope for no injuries  
 
 
We do that too. One of the girls who played that day ran into me...and bounced off like a rubber ball hitting a wall. 100lbs of weight difference is a tremendous inertial advantage. Be careful, try not to run into them and don't blow out your knee.

P.S. This was against a competitive U13 girl's team that beat the parents 7-0.  
 
 
Haha cj  
Don't worry, these little girls are only 8 and 9 years old,
we'll let them win big time. I won't blow out my knee,
but I certainly need shin guards, as these girls kick up
like crazy.

Last year we lost 10-2 (had to put a bit of a fight up)  
 
 
I only once played against my niece (former Austrian U19 international and 1st Austrian Bundesliga) in mother-of-laws backyard...
 
 
Just the two of you Walter?

Do you have any children? Here in the US it's a big deal
for little kids to play soccer and every Saturday the parents
sit on the sidelines and scream their lungs out.

My daughter goes to a private catholic School and the
Priest is from Ireland. He's worse than all of us together...  
 
 
Both of my girls are now on competitive teams, my younger daughter is also currently playing for her school team, and the oldest is swimming. I'm not bragging so much as I am begging for mercy, between those two and my son's baseball all we do is drive them around to practice/games. It sure keeps them in shape though. Between swimming and soccer my oldest got her hard body back in just two weeks after months of slacking off.
 
 
Well, just the two of us (and her brother).

No, we don't have own children - but a couple of godchildren plus more of froiends, who (the children) like to stay here frequently.

As far as I know - and that's only from viewing pre-matches at my favourite amateur club (4th division): parents and especially mothers are are the worst when kids play football. :wink:
 
 
Soccer is definitely the most participated in team sport in Oz - especially with the kids. Parents think it's safer than the rugby-like sports.

It's a hugely popular sport but the national league has never been as popular as the other ball sports (League, Union, AFL, Basketball, Cricket etc) on TV. However the European leagues are very popular, particularly the English.

I think it will grow in popularity in the US because a) the national team is top 20 and it's about time the US was good at a team sport that other countries play seriously, b) because so many kids play it many will carry that interest into adulthood, and c) the growing hispanic influence.
 
 
cj, yes at one point, we become our childrens' chauffeurs,
but thank God I only have one child. I couldn't handle more...

Walter, admittedly we Mothers are worse. I'm usually hoarse
after a soccer game my daughter plays in. I get so competitive that I once reduced her to tears. I should take beta blockers
beforehand  
 
 
Jane - in Australia we have a code of conduct for parents at kids games  http://www.ausport.gov.au/ethics/codeparent.asp. 

One much publicised story a couple of years ago was a former AFL star slapping aat nd swearing the umpire of his son's under 10's match. Admittedly said star, Warwick Capper, is a star twit.
 
 
I refereee (typically assistant) and I always volunteer to do whichever side of the field is the most obnoxious, because often the other AR is young. I have told parents and coaches to shut up or I'd red card them and escort them off the field.
 
 
We don't have that yet hingehead (your link doesn't work)
however, our catholic rival school opponents are often
from the "south bay" close to the Mexican border and
the kids are mostly hispanic. That means, the children and
their parents are much more into soccer and better
organized than us "gringos"  
 
 
What we see here in California is that the teams from latino neighborhoods dominate at the younger levels, but as they move up, the teams from more well off communities with professional coaches and trainers start to have the upper hand. The latin parents sure make more noise on the sidelines though. Sometimes they get out of hand too, and it isn't pretty.
 
 
Wow CJ my hat's off to you, refereeing is a very thankless task.

I used to play in a soccer league where players from a neutral team reffed. I was running a line for a game that involved a latino team when I saw a fight break out between three players. I started to run towards it to break it up but as I got closer I realised all three players played for the latino team!

Sorry about the link Jane, A2K stuck the full stop into the URL here it is again:  http://www.ausport.gov.au/ethics/codeparent.asp 
 
 
Well, then we have something to look forward to cj.
As it is now, the hispanic teams beat our girls every time,
and they are not necessarily taller but so much bulkier
than our kids and ours get intimidated when one of the
little bulky children starts heading towards them. They
get frightened.
 
 
 
In order to fit soccer into the scene, it now needs to be perceived as a better alternative than an established sport (most likely baseball, since, in the US, soccer plays its season in the summer)...

So if soccer is to catch on, it needs to draw fans away from baseball...

Frankly, I think that's because many people find soccer a much more enjoyable game to play than to watch (I feel the same way about golf and bowling)...

In any event, soccer needs to put a product out there that will turn baseball fans into soccer fans. So far, and for whatever reason, soccer has failed to do that.
 

A well-put set of arguements, Joe. I have a few questions in response, if I may.

Which day of the week is baseball normally played on? Here, the majority of league games are on Saturday, with Sunday coming second and a few on week-nights, usually because of a cup match on the weekend. I was wondering if there is room in the scheduling for football* and baseball?

Would it be a problem with getting audiences at the stadiums, or TV audiences? The TV companies here have to limit the number of live games that they show (usually one on Sat and one on Sun, for the Premiership), the arguement from the Football Association being that less people would attend live games if more were on the TV. The big teams still collect large sums of money from Sky even when the games are shown on the TV, so I can't see the problem here.

If more football* was shown on TV (either live or extended highlights), would more people watch it, or would they be watching baseball on the other channel? Is it a true chicken-and-egg situation?

Another thing that occurred to me is just how different football* and baseball are, as games. Would this difference mean that "US-football" fans might like to watch another "ball-sport", rather than a "ball-and-bat-sport"? It does happen here that football* fans tend often (but not always) not to watch much cricket (our equivalent of baseball, I suppose), and vice-versa.

Just wonderin'...
 
 
 
Which day of the week is baseball normally played on? Here, the majority of league games are on Saturday, with Sunday coming second and a few on week-nights, usually because of a cup match on the weekend. I was wondering if there is room in the scheduling for football* and baseball?
 

Major league baseball teams play 162 games in a season, which lasts from the beginning of April to the beginning of October (not counting post-season). So baseball isn't like (American) football, where the teams play once a week. During the baseball season, there are only three days when there are no games scheduled. You can look at the team schedules  here .

 
Would it be a problem with getting audiences at the stadiums, or TV audiences? The TV companies here have to limit the number of live games that they show (usually one on Sat and one on Sun, for the Premiership), the arguement from the Football Association being that less people would attend live games if more were on the TV. The big teams still collect large sums of money from Sky even when the games are shown on the TV, so I can't see the problem here.
 

I don't think that any professional soccer team uses a stadium that is also used by a major-league baseball team. The Chicago Sting, of the defunct North American Soccer League (NASL), played, at one time or another, in both baseball stadiums in Chicago, but the current Chicago pro soccer team (the Fire) has its home games elsewhere. And there's a move now to build soccer-only stadiums (like in Columbus, Ohio). So there shouldn't be too much problem making stadiums available for soccer games (heck, we hosted the World Cup without too much trouble).

Likewise, with the proliferation of cable sports programming, getting games on tv shouldn't be a big problem -- as long as it proved to be commercially feasible to broadcast the games. Of course, it might be difficult to convince people to switch from watching baseball to watching soccer, but if that's what the people want then television networks will undoubtedly accomodate them.

 
If more football* was shown on TV (either live or extended highlights), would more people watch it, or would they be watching baseball on the other channel? Is it a true chicken-and-egg situation?
 

I think it's a chicken-egg conundrum. Does increased television coverage create more fans, or do more fans lead to increased television coverage? The economics, however, point to the latter: there won't be more tv coverage until more people show a desire to watch soccer on tv.

 
Another thing that occurred to me is just how different football* and baseball are, as games. Would this difference mean that "US-football" fans might like to watch another "ball-sport", rather than a "ball-and-bat-sport"? It does happen here that football* fans tend often (but not always) not to watch much cricket (our equivalent of baseball, I suppose), and vice-versa.
 

I'm not sure. A lot of baseball fans are also (American) football fans (I prefer baseball and hockey to football, but I enjoy watching college football). Baseball, because it's an everyday event, may not leave a lot of room for another sport. Despite its popularity, (American) football has never succeeded as a summer game, possibly for this reason.
 
 
Arena (american) football picks up where the NFL leaves off. The thing is though, outside of the home city, or HDNet, arena football gets almost no coverage. Played on a tiny field with padded walls on both sides, it is a high scoring, speed fueled event.
 
 
In the 40s and 50s baseball was more popular in Mexico than football.
In the late forties the Mexican Baseball League was almost as tough as MLB (the famous Pasquel raid attracted stars with bundles of dollars).
When the racial barrier was broken in the US, it meant that many black players -both Latin Americans and US Americans- who would otherwise play in Mexico went to the Majors.

Football was popular, but smallish in comparison.
But on the late 50s, a small soccer club owner, Guillermo Cañedo made an alliance with TV tycoon Emilio Azcárraga to promote the sport widely on television. The biggest TV network bought a team, Club America. They took control of the Football Federation.
They decided that football games would be played at 12:00 noon on sundays, to avoid competition with bullfighting (held, traditionally, at 4 p.m.). It was a mega-cheap TV time slot back then. And started to promote heavily the network's team.
Cañedo and Azcárraga created a consortium with the owners of other two Mexico City football teams (the electric workers' union and a retired general) and propagandized thoughly the construction of the Azteca Stadium, selling lifetime tickets and "palcos" (practically, small apartments inside the stadium).
Their big investment paid off handily.

This had it's drawbacks. For almost three decades, the main TV network practically controlled football in Mexico. It was some sort of a dictatorship, favoring Club America (yuck!) and commercializing excessively the sport.

When I was a child, in the 60s, a football ticket cost one tenth of a baseball ticket. Now it's slightly more expensive.
Back then, open TV transmitted a little league game on saturday mornings and a Mexican baseball league game on saturday afternoons, the soccer game on sunday noon and the bullfights on sunday afternoon.
Now, open TV transmits, every week, about 6 Mexican league football fames, plus one Spanish league game, one Libertadores Cup game, one UEFA Champions' League game, and all of the Mexican team friendlies and qualifiers. It only transmits daily highlights of MLB and the Baseball World Series. The Mexican Baseball League, all majors before October, the Pacific League (winter) and the Caribbean Series are all on cable. [57% of Mexican families do not have cable]. On cable you can watch soccer all day and night long. Hour after hour after hour. You can watch a qualifier Slovenia against Czech Republic, you can watch the Chilean league, you can watch the Totocup, the Mexican second division, the goals on the Honduras league, the African Cup... even MLS (I think).

So, how can football defeat baseball in the US? With money, publicity and diffussion (and perhaps a baseball players' strike, like we had in baseball on 1980). With a sinergy between club owners and media owners.
It's not simple at all, we're talking about the biggest economy in the world and the biggestest entertainment industry. They'd need to lose megabucks for several years before the investment pays off.
 
 
Fbaezer, thanks for that history of football in Mexico, very interesting. I still say the organisation and promotion of the game depends largely on the receptiveness of the audience. In Australia there is an audience but the management of the game has always been woeful (but seems to be changing).

Any Americans know where soccer ranks in terms of participation across all age groups and genders? It's near the top in Oz, but it doesn't get the TV ratings or crowds of other sports, due to it's poor management. And in Mexico in the 50s, FB, you say baseball was more popular, but do you mean as a television sport or as a participation sport.

If participation is high then you've got an audience and a certain kind of management/promotion can translate that into a successful TV product. If participation is low the game needs a different type of management, aimed at promoting participation.

That's a bit simplistic but it's a starting point.
 
 
 
. And in Mexico in the 50s, FB, you say baseball was more popular, but do you mean as a television sport or as a participation sport.

 

Honestly, I don't know for sure. I wasn't there (or I was very very small). Certainly it was much bigger than today, in both senses: participation (amateur leagues), attendance (full stadiums) and media (TV, a lot of baseball radio, back then, and in the 60s; and also several baseball films).
Football was popular too, both in participation and attendance. The media push made it intensely popular. And the media pull hurt baseball.
This means, of course, that the drive to make football massive had a good starting point.
From what you say, this could also be true for Australia.

According to the last specialized poll, in september 2004, 85% of Mexicans like sports. Among them, 41% prefer football (soccer), and baseball & basketball are tied in second place with 10%. That's terrible news for baseball, because basketball is less watched but more practiced, since there is less investment for a basketball court than for a baseball diamond. Athletics, swimming, American football, tennis and weightlifting follow in that order as favorite sports.
Is there a similar poll in other countries?
 
 
fbaezer : I think the Mexican example demonstrates my point: in order to succeed in the US, soccer needs to convert baseball fans into soccer fans. In Mexico, that's exactly what appears to have happened. Unfortunately for soccer in the US, there isn't the same kind of media monopoly here that can push baseball coverage aside in favor of soccer.
 
 
Not to mention baseball's 'national game' status in the US where it also has a cultural role, a bit like cricket in Australia. Different football codes are followed in different states but every Aussie watches the cricket.
 
 
Maybe I've been thinking about this the wrong way. If anyone asked me why American rules football, ice hockey or even basketball, weren't very popular in Britain, I'd have to say it's because football, rugby union/league and cricket take up most of our time, money and TV slots. Why change to US-rules when we have football* & rugby? Why change to baseball when we have cricket?

Interesting, I think, that many discussions about the future of football* in the US (even here in A2K) descend into comments about the average American's "need for action", and "love of statistics", which some feel football* lacks, that perhaps there is a psychological reason behind it, rather than simple history and economics.

* Soccer
 
 
 
Interesting, I think, that many discussions about the future of football* in the US (even here in A2K) descend into comments about the average American's "need for action", and "love of statistics", which some feel football* lacks, that perhaps there is a psychological reason behind it, rather than simple history and economics.
 

Well, I'm already on record as calling soccer "  mind-numbingly dull ," and I think a lot of Americans share my viewpoint. But then I also find basketball mind-numbingly dull and I'm constantly amazed by its popularity in this country, so I may not be the most acute observer. Soccer, rightly or wrongly, carries that stigma in the US, and it will need to get over that bias if it can hope to become a major sport.
 
 
I went to my daughter's 7th grade soccer game last night and it was far from dull. More like non-stop action. These girls were beating the crap out of each other.

We won, 1-0.  
 
 
"There is, too, the problem of the frequency with which football matches end in a draw. Americans want conclusive results from their games."

That quote from your link caught my eye. Does it hold true with you, Joe? As far as you can speak for an entire nation, is it the mind-set of the average American that they NEED to have a winner and a loser? They just can't handle that the teams played equally well, or that one team played betetr but was thwarted by near-misses and/or bad refereeing decisions?

There must be no hope for cricket to ever become popular in the US, when a test match can be played all day for 5 days and still end as a draw!

The fact is, for football* fans, the fact that goals are relatively rare means that they are more special, and worth waiting for. They are often remembered for years to come.
 
 
cjhsa - Even without knowing anything about the match, I can totally understand what sort of game you watched. The end-to-end action, the near-misses, the sweet through-ball which cuts the defence like a knife but ends up in the keeper's arms are what makes the game so good.
 
 
Exactly. My daugter was also matched up against a girl from her club team and gave her a thorough lesson.  
 
 
Exactly, GD! What's great about soccer is its fluidity... its constant motion... its subtlety. But Joe is probably correct, and the majority of Americans do not understand soccer on the level to appreciate a great one-touch, brilliant through runs, and superb tackles. A draw can be an incredible game... but if you don't understand the game very well, you don't appreciate all that, and only look for "results." Americans are conditioned to expect these "results." That is what you get with basketball, and to a lesser degree, baseball and football. Even with those latter two you have "mini-results" to accomplish along the way to a touchdown//run (e.g., 1st, 2nd, 3rd bases/downs).
 
 
 
"There is, too, the problem of the frequency with which football matches end in a draw. Americans want conclusive results from their games."

That quote from your link caught my eye. Does it hold true with you, Joe? As far as you can speak for an entire nation, is it the mind-set of the average American that they NEED to have a winner and a loser? They just can't handle that the teams played equally well, or that one team played betetr but was thwarted by near-misses and/or bad refereeing decisions?
 

I have no problems with ties, but then I'm probably not typical of the average sports fan. I think, however, that ties should be broken by using the same rules as in the regular game. Baseball, pro football, basketball, and NHL hockey currently have tie-breakers that simply extend the regular game into overtime (although football and hockey have the team that scores first win). To my mind, that's the way it should be done. I absolutely hate the way that college football breaks ties, and I equally hate the way that minor-league hockey relies on the shootout to break ties. And the same goes for soccer shootouts. It's like playing a regular game, and then playing an entirely different game to decide who wins.

But, as I said, I'm probably not typical. I think the majority of American fans want a winner and a loser.

 
There must be no hope for cricket to ever become popular in the US, when a test match can be played all day for 5 days and still end as a draw!
 

There are dozens of reasons why cricket will never become popular in the US. That's just one of them.

 
The fact is, for football* fans, the fact that goals are relatively rare means that they are more special, and worth waiting for. They are often remembered for years to come.
 

Well, dramatic moments in sports are remembered for years to come, regardless of the ease with which teams score. Bobby Thompson's home run in the 1951 National League playoff (the "  shot heard round the world  ") came in a game that ended with the score of 5-4. Doug Flutie's "  Hail Mary pass  " against Miami came in the closing seconds of a game that ended up 47-45. Sports create their own drama and their own unforgettable moments, regardless of the final score.
 
 
The proper term isn't "shootout", it's called "kicks from the penalty mark", typically only used after an overtime period of sudden death, or "golden goal". At least if you play by FIFA rules.
 
 
I wanted to pick up on Tico's point about appreciating the finer points of a sport. I really think to have a real appreciation you have to have played the sport, which is why I think it will eventually succeed in the US, because enough people play it.

I agree with Joe about basketball - I say give both teams 100 points and start one minute from the end. And I've played basketball.

I've watched baseball and I think it's incredibly dull compared to cricket, especially the 50 over matches. But some of the reasons I prefer cricket, more action, more hitting, much higher scores, are precisely the reasons that American Football is seen as better than soccer. Which leads me to conclude that higher scores are irrelevant. You just got to have some emotional investment in the sport you're watching - for example watching your favourite team, or your national team.

Damn, if I watch a game of anything I always pick a team to favour for that game if my team isn't playing.

Hey, has anyone ever been converted to a sport? Which one and why?

There was a time when I could take or leave rugby union, but the success of the Australian team in the 1990s and the formation of the ACT Brumbies for the Super 12, and the amazing way they play(ed), has me as a convert and armchair expert, having only ever played one muck around game in P.E. about 30 years ago and not understanding anything about it.
 
 
I have been converted to soccer by watching and participating with my girls. I love it.
 
 
I've become a rugby fan, after watching the Wallabies (Australian rugby union team) a bit - and engaging in some banter with our old (and missing)(and missed) friend John - oldandknew, who is a great supporter of English rugby.

I'm a definite cricket fan - happy to spend hours watching, on TV, or at the grounds. And they left Brett Lee out again! Sheesh!

Watch tennis, too - and that's the only sport I play.
 
 
I was converted to snooker after playing it. Or, more correctly, trying to play it. Once I realised how hard it is to pot a 2" ball in a 2.5" pocket which is 10 feet away, and leave the cue-ball in an area of a few square inches at the other end of the table to make the next pot, then I could appreciate the game. And I love it, both playing and watching (on TV. It's not a game I'd want to watch live again).
 
 
 
Exactly, Americans are conditioned to expect these "results." That is what you get with basketball, and to a lesser degree, baseball and football. Even with those latter two you have "mini-results" to accomplish along the way to a touchdown//run (e.g., 1st, 2nd, 3rd bases/downs).
 

Never thought of this.
 
 
