 
 
ABC news (and others) reporting Zarqawi may have been killed
 
 
 
U.S. forces sealed off a house in the northern city of Mosul where eight suspected al-Qaida members died in a gunfight some by their own hand to avoid capture. A U.S. official said Sunday that efforts were under way to determine if terror leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was among the dead.
 

Of course we've heard these rumors before, but this is first time I recall that the US military and news agencies are speculating...

 Source 
 
 
This is one report that I hope is true.
 
 
Fingers and toes crossed.
 
 
We've killed Zarqawi before and probably will again.
 
 
I hope they got the rotten sunovabitch
 
 
I have to wonder if he's still on Tom DeLay's payroll.
 
 
OMFG! What timing!
 
 
Could be a PR diversion (that's a real downside to having an administration/military which presents false stories and staged versions of 'reality' that ain't real so commonly for assumed PR gains - you can't believe them) or it could be wishful thinking or it could be real...have to wait and see. It would be a fine thing if true.
 
 
Remember when it came out that Osama Bin Laden was within their grasp and even Diane Sawyer was in it. Why would GWB bite the hand that feeds him?
 
 
Well, Last word is they say probably not. Crap!
 
 
Sadly, the news here tonight was casting major doubt (from US sources, apparently).
 
 
While it would have been great to kill this bastard, and I think eventually we will. There's always going to be another horses ass to take his place. And he'll be followed as fervently as Zarqawi.
 
 
 
While it would have been great to kill this bastard, and I think eventually we will. There's always going to be another horses ass to take his place. And he'll be followed as fervently as Zarqawi.
 

I remember when we were going to hunt down Osama no matter what and bring him to justice. Now you hardly ever hear or see his name mentioned. The same will probably be with this guy as well.
 
 
I think catching Zarqawi will go a long way in ending the insurgency if all the news accounts is accurate he seems to be behind all bombings in Iraq. According to the WH and other people it is unlikely we got him.

 
Earlier Monday, U.S. forces left a house in the northern city of Mosul where eight suspected al-Qaida members died in a weekend gunfight, and the White House said it was "highly unlikely" that terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was among the dead.

During the intense gunbattle with suspected al-Qaida members in Mosul on Saturday, three insurgents detonated explosives and killed themselves to avoid capture, Iraqi officials said. Eleven Americans were wounded, the U.S. military said.

On Saturday, police Brig. Gen. Said Ahmed al-Jubouri said the raid was launched after a tip that top al-Qaida operatives, possibly including al-Zarqawi, were in the two-story house.

However, Trent Duffy, a White House spokesman, said Sunday that reports of al-Zarqawi's death were "highly unlikely and not credible."

"I don't think we got him," said U.S. Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad, answering questions from reporters about whether al-Zarqawi had been killed in Mosul. Lt. Col. Barry Johnson, a U.S. military spokesman in Baghdad, said there was "no indication" the terror leader had been killed.
 
 source 
 
 
It is also unlikely that "getting" Zarqawi will end the insurgency. Those boys are the remnants of the Ba'at Party--they've lost all of the power and influence they ever had, in they're eyes, they have nothing more to lose. Zarqawi is a "foreigner" in Iraq, he's Jordanian, and he's simply an opportunist. The insurgency will continue with or without him. For whatever the White House may allege (i have long since lost any interest in their fairy tales), getting him won't end the insurgency, because it's not about foreign provocateurs, and it's not about al Qaeda. It's about Sunni tribesmen who don't want to give up the death-grip they've had on power for more than eighty years.
 
 
