 
 
World's largest penis erected in China
 
 
World's largest penis erected
Photo:
 http://www.ananova.com/news/story/sm_2362087.html 

An amusement park in China has built what it claims is the world's largest penis.

The 30ft erection, named Sky Pillar, has been built at Longwan Shaman Amusement Park in Changchun city.

Builders wrapped more than 6,500ft of straw around the steel structure which stands on an altar atop 1,250ft high Qinlong Hill.

"It is a totem of Shamanistic culture, which originated in this city," says the president of the park, Cheng Weiguang.

Legend says a Shaman hero named Ewenki vanquished a cruel female ruler and gave her a penis totem, telling her to respect males and not kill them at will.

After this, the ruler set a penis totem on top of the hill, reports East Asia Economic and Trade News.

Shi Lixue, director of the China Folk Culture Association, backed the project, saying: "It symbolizes our ancestors' pursuit of happiness and prosperity."

And, although some tourists said they felt uncomfortable about the statue, others were unmoved.

"It's just a pillar. I don't care. It can be a symbol of the park," said one mother who was visiting the park with her child.
 
 
Made of straw? Seems highly flamable.
 
 
It seems shamans were circumcised.

It seems all penii thus honoured are permanently erect.

Where are the statues to the flaccid wieners?
 
 
A compliment to the (supposed) Bejing olympic stadium.
 
 
 
 
 
 
You could create mass panic by shouting "Look out! It's about to come!"
 
 
its kinda skinny though....
 
 
 
A compliment to the (supposed) Bejing olympic stadium.
 
 

HA!

When this picture was posted quite a while back (by gargamel I think) I printed it out and posted in on the bulletin board in my office, where it remains to this day.

People come in, look at it....look away....look back.....

Some say..."ahem....so....what is.....I mean....."

me: The Bejing Olympic Stadium Model....why?

them: oh.....nothing....

Re: the penis tower, nothing like good family entertainment.
 
 
 
When this picture was posted quite a while back (by gargamel I think)

 

I knew it had been posted here before just thought it pertinant to the thread.
 
 
 
 
When this picture was posted quite a while back (by gargamel I think)

 

I knew it had been posted here before just thought it pertinant to the thread.
 

oh....wasn't pointing that out to you as a ding...I love that picture.
 
 
 

That little lady in the purple outfit appears to be contemplating mounting the thing.

You have to admire her courage.
 
 
BBB
The Chinese were very smart to surround the penis with come catcher pots, don't you think?

BBB
 
 
 
When this picture was posted quite a while back (by gargamel I think) I printed it out and posted in on the bulletin board in my office, where it remains to this day.

People come in, look at it....look away....look back.....

Some say..."ahem....so....what is.....I mean....."

me: The Bejing Olympic Stadium Model....why?

them: oh.....nothing....
 

     
That is great, Chai!!!
 
 
Come catcher pots  
 
 
