 
 
Talk to me about Accutane. Would you give your 16 yr old this?
 
 
I feel so pressured by my sons dermatologist. Right now he's been using a cream for about 3 weeks with no help. I tried the Oils cleanse and after 2 weeks of that I saw no difference. :( Am I being paranoid about putting Accutane in his system? What if 15 yrs from now he is diagnose with Cronhs Disease or Colitis? Im only thinking the worse could happen since Crohns and Polyps run on the male side of my family.
 
 
I also have limited knowledge about this stuff and that is a reason that I may sound irrational to some of you.
 
 
Have you tried proactiv? I heard the biebs likes it.
 
 
No. I think the Biebs probably didn't have severe acne? I hate him;when will he go away?
 
 
Hmm. Did you or his father have sever acne growing up? Have you spoken to his dr about the correlation btwn Chrons?
My husband took accutane as a teen and is so far no worse for the wear.
However, I am drunk and still have pimples myself so please take everything I say with many grains of salt.
Good luck for you and your kiddo.
 
 
No, neither one of us had sever acne. I had the occasional break- out right befor my period but that was it. And it was only one or 2 pimples.
 
 
I would consider it, but only as a very last resort. The long term possible side effects are no joke, although I know 2 men who used it as teens and have suffered no I'll effects. One is about 30 now and the other 22 (my cousin). My 16 year old son has been seeing his dermatologist for about 9 months and takes an oral antibiotic and uses a topical cream with beautiful results. First it visits were monthly until the Dr. was happy with progress, then quarterly as he is pleased w/ result, and after last visit semi-annually. I think the oral antibiotics were the key. His face and back were a hot mess before this and you would absolutely never know it now.
 
 
My husband had severe acne and took it in high school. He was diagnosed with Crohn's a few weeks ago after a year and a half of pain/discomfort. There is no history of Crohn's in his family that we know of.
However, when I asked him if he would still have taken the accutane as a teen he said yes because it was so severe and nothing else worked.
 
 
No way. That stuff is awful. I'd tell him to stick it out. The acne will subside in a few years. There's no way in hell I'd put my child on that.
 
 
I know many people that took it with great and lasting effects (good not bad).
I, personally, have never had good skin but was always told it wasn't bad enough for Accutane.
I would give other meds more than a few weeks. There are oral antibiotics, so many other topicals, etc before resorting to Accutane. It is ROUGH course of meds to go through, though worth it if necessary.
 
 
I had bad acne but I was never put on accutane since it was so harsh--my mom was too nervous about it. I took an oral antibiotic and a topical retinae Rx in the evening with a topical Rx in the morning (I forget what it was, but it was to take care of the little bit of rocasia) and they worked 100%. I think if it's bad acne, you really need an antibiotic to back up any topical medication to stop the bacteria BEFORE it shows up on your face.
 
 
I am side-eying the shits out of a dermatologist who is pushing accutane after 3 weeks on another regimen. The prescription acne medications can take 6 weeks to start working and there are many different kinds of prescriptions he could try. It's trial and error, and I think because of the possible side effects, accutane should be the last resort.
 
 
They haven't tried oral antibiotics with him yet? I'd definitely go that route first. Accutane is a last resort, imo. I was offered it once and turned it down because they said I'd have to go get periodic liver screenings.  
 
 
My brother had really bad acne and my parents literally tried EVERYTHING else before putting him on Accutane. He was on all kinds of prescription topical medications everything. He went on Accutane for about a year and it cleared up. During the time he was on it they would test his blood every so often to monitor (what they were monitoring, i dont know.) They diagnosed him with ITP, a blood disorder where basically he had really low platelets. They dont believe it was because of Accutane but his platelet count rose steadily after going off it and has been at normal levels for years. I actually just googled the Crohns thing and I didnt know they had linked the two. SIL told me bro has been having some digestive issues lately so i forwarded him the link. Yikes...
 
 
 
My brother had really bad acne and my parents literally tried EVERYTHING else before putting him on Accutane. He was on all kinds of prescription topical medications everything. He went on Accutane for about a year and it cleared up. During the time he was on it they would test his blood every so often to monitor (what they were monitoring, i dont know.) They diagnosed him with ITP, a blood disorder where basically he had really low platelets. They dont believe it was because of Accutane but his platelet count rose steadily after going off it and has been at normal levels for years. I actually just googled the Crohns thing and I didnt know they had linked the two. SIL told me bro has been having some digestive issues lately so i forwarded him the link. Yikes...
 
do you still have that article? H took Accutane and has stomach issues. He has been having testing done but I'd be curious to read about the link.
 
 
I'm scared to death of it only because I know someone whose son committed suicide on it.
 
 
Only as a last resort and there are many things you can try between now and then. I also agree with pp, whenever they try and give me something new they always warn me that it will most likely get worse first and then over time will start to get better and eventually should stay clear for the most part. 3 weeks is no where near enough time to gauge if it is going to work or not.
My brother and sister both took it over ten years ago and neither have problems so far. My skin was never technically bad enough for it and they both have much, much nicer skin than I do as an adult. If there were articles about stomach issues back then I am not sure if either would have taken it.
 
 
I had severe acne as a teen and it really didn't clear up after the whole hormonal/puberty thing was over with. It was pure torture and I feel so bad for people that have to deal with it. It honestly feels like that is all the world is looking at. That said, my skin has been clear as a bell for the last two years (the first time since I was 13!) because I was tested for food allergies. I was diagnosed allergic to wheat, and since changing my diet I do not break out at all. If I do eat wheat (usually after too many glasses of wine, when I just say screw it!) I am a broken out mess within 48 hours. Any derm will tell you this is bull, and I only know what I have experienced. That is not to say that allergies are everyone's problem, I am just saying that there are other possibilities out there.
That said, I think I would try absolutely all avenues before something like accutane. Something so simple, with zero side effects, solved the problem for me. I wouldn't jump into something with scary side effects, as well as high maintenance as accutane is, right off the bat.
And give your son a hug for me. Pride will stop one from really expressing how much it sucks, but it really does.
 
 
 
I'm scared to death of it only because I know someone whose son committed suicide on it.

 

Dont they have this as a black box warning now? That alone scares me. I know a lot of people take it and are fine, but one of my friends had severe mood swings while taking it. Also, a kid who works for H now has crohns after he'd been on it.
I would only use it as a last, last resort.
 
 
If you feel pressured, I would get a second opinion. My nephew had severe cystic acne and was put on accutane ONLY after every single option had been exhausted, and was happy with the results and was only on it a little over a year and thus far his skin has stayed clear. I personally am terrified of it.
I really would see another doctor and discuss alternatives.
 
 
My BIL was on it as a teen and was horribly depressed. He ended up needing some serious counseling for a long time even after he went off the meds. He also has mild OCD (diagnosed) that the doctors attribute to the Accutane.

I would use it as last resort only. And after only 3 weeks on the current medicine, you are NOT at last resort options yet. I would find another dermatologist.
 
 
I took it in high school and part of my freshman year of college.
That stuff is a miracle drug for acne. It cleared my skin completely and I never had another zit again (minus a period of time 14 years later when I went off the pill and my skin freaked from the change).
I did have to have the periodic blood tests.
The only major side effect I had was dryness. My skin got so dry that my hands basically turned to scales and my lips chapped so bad I couldn't fully open my mouth sometimes. Vitamin E cream fixed that right up.
But seriously, my acne was so severe that I was getting depressed. People made fun of me in high school, my face would bleed, I started refusing to meet new people. My parents realized they couldn't send me off to college like that, and we'd tired every other pill and cream in existance, so we went for it. I have no regrets.
I'm sure it's a much harder decision as a parent but I'll tell you this...had you told me back then that I might later have Chrone's disease, but I'd never get a pimple again, I would have taken the Accutane in a heartbeat. I was just so damn desperate.
I do agree with others that you want to try something for longer than 3 weeks (some creams and pills actually make it worse before making it better), and that you should try some different meds and combinations.
 
 
3 weeks seems crazy. Don't most dermatologists say you need to wait 8-12 weeks? And this is only his first prescribed treatment?
I took Accutane and I didn't suffer any terrible side effects (except dryness), but my acne did come back. However, now my skin looks good with Differin, and previously it wouldn't have worked.
I would get another opinion. That is serious stuff.
 
 
When they draw blood, they are looking at your liver levels or whatever they're called. The treatment is also harsh in that regard.
 
 
Yes, there's a black-box warning for the depression and I think the digestive side effects.
The real problem is that the depression doesn't go away with the cessation of the drug. it can take years.
 
 
The more I think about it, the more it bothers me that his derm is pushing Accutane so hard after just 3 weeks of a cream. I remember trying several things for way more than 3 weeks, and Accutane was absolutely a last resort.
I think a second opinion would be a good thing.
 
 
My 17 year old nephew is taking it. It really is making a world of differencefor him. The Dr. closely monitors him and he hasn't had any s/e.
 
 
 
I'm scared to death of it only because I know someone whose son committed suicide on it.

 
in the grand scheme, teen acne would be preferrable to most of the possible risks...so I would not. The bad acne phase isn't that long lasting, if he can use other stuff hell get through it with varying results. Drinking a gallon of water a day helps my skin a lot. Has he used tea tree oil? I know its rough, bit it is a part of growing up.
 
 
No.
I took it and fell into a very dark depression for a few months. That lifted, but I've had fibromyalgia-like symptoms for years ever since, and I was completely fine before taking it.
It doesn't happen to everyone, but as someone who sees the doctor more than I'd like, and does often believe that the two are connected -- try anything else first.
 
 
I took it as a teen. I didn't know it had a link to Chron's disease. Good to know for future, although I have had no problems. It worked on my acne somewhat. But I still have the occassional pimple. Annoying. I know it was a last ditch effort for my acne, so if I was considering it for my child I would pursue all other avenues if possible.
 
 
I took it when I was 17 and 18, but like others, it was a last resort. I tried so many creams and other pills, and nothing made a bit of difference. Proactive is a joke for severe acne, sorry Beibs.
I was really dried out when I took it, my hands got really red and cracked, and I got a bloody nose once, I think. However, then end result was so worth it. Acne sucks so bad. Little kids point it out, as well as the occasional assh*le adult. I'm 30 now, and haven't had any lasting side effects.
 
 
I think he is pushing the Accutane now is because he was on an antibiotic for 6 months w/ a cream too. Those 2 didn't work and started this new cream.
I got a referral today to see a new dermatologist after reading the replies this morning.
 
 
