 
 
Bears/Packers
 
 
BEARS/PACKERS

Who do you pick to win?

No point spread, just pick the winner, ALL who play reps the winners!

I am going with da B ear s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 
Got to go with the Pack on this one.
 
 
Go Pack Go!
 
 
Green Bay. Aaron Rodgers will make the difference.
 
 
If the Packers were playing ANYONE ELSE but the Bears I would be rooting for them.

And, the team that wins tomorrow WILL BE the SUPER BOWL CHAMPS, you heard it here first folks.

So, it the Pack win tomorrow, they will beat whichever AFC team they meet. Same with da Bears.
 
 
I don't have a choice....I grew up in the Chicago burbs.
 
 
BEARS!  

If they can protect the QB like they did vs Seahawks, AND if the secondary has a primary day...
 
 
Gb
 
 
Bears just activated Dez Clark, tight end. Look for him to help them run block. Bears all the way. The added incentive is the horrible feeling of watching the Pukers lift the George S. Halas (papa Bear) trophy. It can not be allowed to happen!
Go Bears- in a low scoring game something like 17-14 with some hard hitting D!

 
 
 
 
Green Bay. Aaron Rodgers will make the difference.

 

My thoughts exactly.The Bears get their asses kicked after facing a REAL opponent.
said it before below and I'll say it again.

Your hysterical.The Bears winning the superbowl? you must still think your living in the year 1985. Next week I will get out my towel for you to cry in when they get spanked by the packers. hate to break your heart but next week they are playing a REAL football team.Not one that lucked out and should have never been there in the first place but was with a losing record and that plays horrible on the road.Next week against the packers,Cutler shows his true colors. as far as the superbowl? I would like to say that the jets will repeat 1969 again and shock the world once again and win it all, but i dont think their offence can match up with the packers so i think you will see the packers and jets in the superbowl with the packers winning it all.
__________________
 
 
I come from the area of Illinois that half of the people here are Bears fans and the other half are Packer fans. I like both teams and I don't really care which one of them wins as long as it is a well-played game by both sides. However, I have to stick with my Super Bowl prediction and once again say:

Bears 31
Jets 28

That means I have to go with the Bears winning the game against Green Bay. I predict that score will be:

Bears 24
Packers 17

If I don't get this right and the Bears loose tomorrow, please give me the rep anyway because I think I'm turning into a rep ho. Rep makes me feel good all over and it helps me sleep at night!  
 
 
I'm in. I'll go with the Pack.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Packers, in support of my cousins and in homage to my dearly departed aunt and uncle (who passed away far too young).
 
 
Less than 5 hours 'till kickoff!
 
 
I believe the "Pack is Back"
 
 
But these teams seem interesting....

 
 
 
In the past two weeks, out of eight picks, I got only one winner...And that was the Green Bay Packers!

Sooooo, I'm going to go out on a limb here and pick the packers all the way!  
 
 
Ayeet I'm in. Gimme da Bears. Something about Aaron Rodgers makes it hard to believe he can keep this up. Hell of a roll he's on, though.
 
 
My rep has been broadcast. In case I made a typo on any of the comments... You can all bite me.
 
 
 
Cuyo has just invited me to bite him for this post but I'm not sure why...???  

Sorry!!!

 Bears/Packers 
 
 
 
Cuyo has just invited me to bite him for this post but I'm not sure why...???  

Sorry!!!

 

Cause I'm a crybaby and a very sore loser.  

Thanks for all the response messages, some of them were pretty funny!

Ahhhhhh... Now on to the game I actually care about. Maybe I can even get some rep back from someofya.
 
 
Cuyo, that was some mighty tasty rep.  

But dessert will be even better.  
 
 
 
 
 
Packers.
 
 
Congratulation to all the Green Bay Packer fans. I was wrong and you were right. Good luck with your pick for the Super Bowl whoever that might be.
 
 
Green Bay...

All the way...

 
 
 
 
But these teams seem interesting....

 

 

loose :boobies: loose :boobies:

I saw I saw it I saw it!!!!
 
 
 
Green Bay. Aaron Rodgers will make the difference.

 

Turned out to be the Defense and BJ "The Freezer" Raji's interception.

BOOYAH!!!!!!! I screamed myself silly at the bad second half playcalling by McCarthy who went into 'Prevent the Win' mode and Capers had to save his ass... again. I *HATE* it when he does that!!
 
 
 
Green Bay...

All the way...

 

 

Yep, all the way...
 
 
Fuckin' Bears!

 
 
 
Since Obama won't come to the Super Bowl, Packers vow to visit him

Forget Disney World. Cornerback Charles Woodson has one destination in mind if his Green Bay Packers win Super Bowl XLV: the White House.

Woodson had not forgotten that President Barack Obama is a Chicago Bears fan who'd vowed to go to the Super Bowl if the Bears had advanced with a victory over the Packers in the NFC championship game.

"The president don't want to come watch us in the Super Bowl?" Woodson told his teammates after the Packers ruined Obama's plan. (Video here.) "Guess what? We're gonna go see him. White House on 3!"

 The Early Lead - Since Obama won't come to the Super Bowl, Packers vow to visit him 

               
 
 
I TRIED to tell you Bears fan you were fools to think they would win this game.lol. some of you just dont know a horrible quarterback when you see one.lol. I tried to tell you all with Jay Cutler they did not have a chance.Cutler may in time over the years under Martz blossom as a good qb and be a late bloomer like Vinne Testeverde but NOW he sucks.It was their defense that got them as far as they went.Cutler playing a REAL football team with a good defense and a winning record and plays well on the road,did you really think it would be any other way? they really need to fess up it was a mistake trading for him and develop that maine guy for the future.he did what Cutler could not do the whole game.move the ball down the field and score.
 
 
