 
 
If you could invite 5 celebrities/famous people over for dinner...
 
 
You get to invite 5 people over for dinner. Dead or alive. The dinner can be serious, fun, educaitonal, whatever you want. Who would you invite?
My dinner would be fun! I'd want us to laugh until we cried. I'd invite Ellen Degeneres, Neil Patrick Harris, Chris Rock, Chris Farley, Tina Fey, Ricky Gervais.
Bummer, that leaves out Martin Short, Amy Pohler, Chevy Chase, Jimmy Kimmel, Steve Martin...
 
 
Oh man.
Elton John, NPH, Tom Hanks, Van Morrison and Alton Brown.
I did not intend for that list to be all males. lol
 
 
miranda july, crispin glover, bill clinton, chelsea handler and kristin wiig. and I would get to sit on crispin glover's lap the whole time.
 
 
Ellen, Robert deNero, George Clooney, Lady Di, Obama.
 
 
Stephen Colbert
Tina Fey
Josh Groban
Sofia Vergara
Joel McHale
I would hope to die from laughter at this meal.
 
 
Ricky Gervais, Russell Brand, Amy Poehler, Rachel Maddow and George Clooney. And we'd all laugh and talk politics and religion and laugh. And then we'd make out.
 
 
Larry David, Spalding Gray, Charlie Rose, Mark Bittman, Ruth Reichl.
 
 
Neil Gaiman, Maggie Smith, Ian McKellan, Robin Williams, and Johnny Depp.
Wow, that was hard.
 
 
Patrick Stewart, Deborah Ann woll, Alexander skarsgard, Hugh jackman, and Florence Welch.
 
 
Damn, I forgot James McAvoy. Sorry Skarsgard, you gotta go.
 
 
Natalie Wood, Tupac, Marilyn Monroe, Kurt Cobain, Michael Jackson....I just have to know what happened!
 
 
Elliott Smith, Stephen Colbert, Jack Black, Paula Deen and Ryan Gosling.
 
 
Anthony Bourdain, Hunter S. Thompson, Chuck Pahluniak, Amelia Earhart, and Henry Rollins. Id probably be a stuttering idiot, but Bourdain would keep the conversation flowing.
 
 
 
Anthony Bourdain, Hunter S. Thompson, Chuck Pahluniak, Amelia Earhart, and Henry Rollins. Id probably be a stuttering idiot, but Bourdain would keep the conversation flowing.
 

Ugh, totally forgot about her!! Good one!
 
 
 
 
Anthony Bourdain, Hunter S. Thompson, Chuck Pahluniak, Amelia Earhart, and Henry Rollins. Id probably be a stuttering idiot, but Bourdain would keep the conversation flowing.
 

Ugh, totally forgot about her!! Good one!

 
I was obsessed with her as a kid. I would just love to hear her tell her story.
 
 
Robin Williams, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Mother Theresa, Pope Benedict.
 
 
Pat Carney and Dan Auerbach (The Black Keys) Stephen Colbert, Dave Berry, Jason Statham.
Two to talk music with, two to make me laugh and one to molest. Walla!
 
 
 
Ricky Gervais, Russell Brand, Amy Poehler, Rachel Maddow and George Clooney. And we'd all laugh and talk politics and religion and laugh. And then we'd make out.
 

Ha! You just made me literally LOL and I don't do that very often.
How could I forget Robin Williams, Jay Leno, George Clooney? All very funny people. Oops, and Adam Sandler.
 
 
Mario Batali, Anderson Cooper, Jon Stewart, Tina Fey, Amy Poehler.
 
 
Frida Kahlo
Amy Winehouse
Coco Chanel
Jackie O
Marilyn Monroe
 
 
Ricky Gervais to make me laugh.
Ellen Degeneres to dance with me.
Queen Latifah to discuss powerful womenship.

Curtis Stone to do the cooking.
Isaiah Mustafa (in a towel) just because.
 
 
Hubert Keller

Mauricio Umansky
John Turturro
Joss Wheedon
Johnny Depp
 
 
Emmanuelle Alt
Keith Moon
John Belushi
Johnny Depp
Kate Moss
 
 
Quentin Tarantino, Ernest Hemingway, Michael Pitt (but he has to be in his Darmondy apparel) Katie Sackhoff, and Clive Owen.
 
 
Pope John Paul II, Lady Diana, Bill Clinton, Rosa Parks and Susan B. Anthony.
 
 
Ayn Rand, Carl Jung, Tim Gunn, Alec Baldwin. Then, I would invite RyN Gosling, but tell him the time was 3 hours earlier than everyone else so we would accidentally have to spend that time alone.
 
 
