 
 
Opening Day
 
 
Oh it's opening day and I'm so forlorn. Why?

Because I live in West-Central Alabama. There isn't a real team here for miles. Atlanta is four hours away, and I hate the Braves.

Early April baseball rules. I wish I was at Miller Park or Wrigley.

But no. I'm watching Nationals vs. Mets on a TV with bad reception. It's humid as hell and mosquito hawks the size of eagles are knocking on my door. I need to go to a fukkin' game, where the weather is still cold and it's really spring.

Anyone celebrating opening day properly? Let me live vicariously.
 
 
Wait, cool, the Cubs are on. 5-0? First inning? Boy, Cincinnati blows this year.
 
 
Brewers just kicked off opening day here. Thank goodness for the roof... 44 and rainy outside. Not much of a spring but who cares... baseball is here!
 
 
Why did I think you lived in Los Angeles?
 
 
Can only see it on TV...they're playing away in TX.

Manny has some damn ugly blond dreadlocks.
 
 
 
Why did I think you lived in Los Angeles?
 

South Central Los Angeles, you mean? Yes, many A2Kers make that mistake. It's my Compton swagger. I'm a thug to the bone.

But 'round here, L.A. means Lower Alabama. And boy, that's worlds away from California.
 
 
Grab a beer

get a cozy seat on the porch

just throw some food stamps in the street
and watch the fight.  
 
 
 
Grab a beer

get a cozy seat on the porch

just throw some food stamps in the street
and watch the fight.  
 

what the hell's wrong with you, don't tell him to do that until we get there with the roasted corn and menudo. Might as well make a couple bucks.

do you still have all those salt packets you stole from churches fried chicken?

We can sell them for a nickle a piece
 
 
Yup

and I gots me some 'ah' dat dere fancy catsup in dose little packages too..

dems a quarter!
 
 
Big Papi is tearing the cover off the ball.
6-2 in favor of the Bosox.

Boston Top 7th
- Trot Nixon singled to left. Bases loaded with two outs and Jason Varitek due up.
 
 
 
Yup

and I gots me some 'ah' dat dere fancy catsup in dose little packages too..

dems a quarter!
 

I got to be really good friends with this chick over the fact that there were some old computer monitors that'd been sitting on a shelf for 10 years. Some guy who didn't know the value of good sh!t said, awwww, they're all depreciated, throw them out.

F*CK NO!
Take 'em down to the flea market and sell 'em!

She made me an honerary mes'can on the spot, and started teaching me the finer point of shag carpeting and hanging a plant on anything that sticks out from the wall.

<sigh>....good times.
 
 
Boston Top 8th
- Mike Lowell lead-off, solo Home Run (1) to left.

What the h-e-double-hockey-sticks are you two on about?
 
 
Seriously.

Are y'all putting on a minstrel show or something?
 
 
who me?

I don't know what's up with she-wolf, she's the colored girl with the catsup packets.

I'm just the white girl trying to get by. Seriously, honorary mes'can, that's what I was named.

Shewolf, I just read gars sig....we'll need to pick up a few cases of PBR and Old Milwaukee too. None of that Corona sh!t, that just makes them crazy.

maybe some bimbo cakes and sonrisas for the little kids.
 
 
Colt foordy fi'hve for me..
 
 
36oz?
 
 
for 2 dollars and fiddy cent

 
 
 
hey, how 'bout that curt schilling.

i got an early line on him for AL comeback player of the year...
 
 
Wish I'd seen the game.

Of course all the sports-radio nitwits wanted
to do was whine about Foulke this morning.
 
 
That's because he sucks right now. Hopefully he turns around.
 
 
Jays 6 - 3 over Twins. Ryan two strikeouts in the 9th. Crazy pitching. Good job by new guys.
 
 
Look who's in first place in the NL Central.

Milwaukee, baby! 2-0, woo-hoo! April is always kind to the Brew Crew.

July through September, not so much.

But this is a new team. It's strange to be excited about baseball again.
 
 
Go Padres!
 
 
Is it just me or has the pitching been less than spectacular these first few games? There have been quite a few "aces" that have been roughed up real bad.
 
 
i remember last april the pitchers were way ahead of the hitters.

looks like umpires are giving pitchers generous strikes zones -- at least in the couple of games i watched...
 
 
Ryan was the closer for the Jays' first game. It was exciting. No hits allowed. The last two outs were strikeouts. Awesome.  
 
 
Re: Opening Day

 
Oh it's opening day and I'm so forlorn. Why?

Because I live in West-Central Alabama. There isn't a real team here for miles. Atlanta is four hours away, and I hate the Braves.

Early April baseball rules. I wish I was at Miller Park or Wrigley.

But no. I'm watching Nationals vs. Mets on a TV with bad reception. It's humid as hell and mosquito hawks the size of eagles are knocking on my door. I need to go to a fukkin' game, where the weather is still cold and it's really spring.

Anyone celebrating opening day properly? Let me live vicariously.
 

Sometimes, Life sucks! Get a satellite dish and move the TV outside!!

Anon
 
 
As long as the Brewers keep winning, I'll be cool.
 
 
> streaks through thread<

WWWWEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 
 
damn wimmens-why can't they just stay in the cookbook thread?
 
 
I couldn't believe Pedro last night-the Mets pitcher musta beaned 6 Nats players. Frank Robinson was beside himself and got thrown out.
I gotta say- Martinez is the master of "chin music"
 
 
I miss Petey
 
 
My Braves are 2-2 as we speak, but their pitchers are 0-4 in terms of quality starts. I'm concerned...
 
 
well...if opening day is any indication....Braves leading 8-1 in the fifth and have to bring in their closer to win...mazzone will be missed.
 
 
wweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 
 
Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeezus Mary & Joseph!
 
 
Whoa!
Look at them -- I mean look at her go!
 
 
 
well...if opening day is any indication....Braves leading 8-1 in the fifth and have to bring in their closer to win...mazzone will be missed.
 

He already is missed. By me at least.

Hey, did a naked lady just run by here?
 
 
Spent the Cubs opener in the first row of the left field bleachers, and they have won every game since.

 
 
 
The Cubs are hot.

The Brewers are not.

Just remember, Sublime, come playoff time, when you're sittin' in the first row bleachers, not to interfere with a ball in play.
 
 
Who do you think I am, Bartman?

I was in the hospital when that travesty occured, the nurse rushed in to find out what I was yelling about.

I hope your right that the Cubs will be in the playoffs and that I will be in the bleachers, sorry the Bud Light Bleachers.  
 
 
first night games, now this?
that just can't do that to wrigley...
 
 
 Fox News 
 
 
am guessing the umpire will issue warnings to both clubs before today's 1st pitch...
 
 
its not a misprint, folks -- my mets have the best record in All of Baseball  
 
 
Yeah, I noticed. I am not looking forward to the rest of the Brewer's road trip. We're in New York at the end of this week.

If we keep pitching and fielding the way we have this past week, you should have a fun time watching, Region!
 
 
Brewers STILL have a team?
 
 
Alright man, put 'em up, put 'em up!

They do NOW, since Selig sold the team to an owner who is interested in spending money and WINNING.

They have a respectable club now, I think, their first since '93. Shit that's a long time.
 
 
The Mets put a serious beat down on the Nats today. Why do I have this feeling they are going to play great until the all star break, and then flounder ?
 
 
the secret to t hair success --

 
Hairs to less discipline
 (source  )
It took a few days, but the Mets are starting to show signs of Randolph's new looser code of discipline. The evidence is all over their faces. Randolph lifted his ban on facial hair at the end of spring training and many of the Mets have begun sporting neatly trimmed goatees as allowed by the manager's relaxed code. Carlos Delgado, who trimmed his longtime goatee upon arriving at spring training, is happy to have his back. "The guys that used to wear them are wearing them," Delgado said. "For me, it was a no-brainer."
 
 
 
 Fox News 
 
 
Yep. Things are getting interesting on the Bonds watch...
 
 
glavine struck out 11?
not bad for an old geezer...

 
Don't get your hopes up for the Mets chances, they were just playing the Nats. That was an ugly series for my team. I'm still disappointed nobody beamed Pedro that punk.
 

as a long-suffering mets fan, i know better.
just enjoying it while it lasts...
i agree, pedro is a punk.
i hope that punk wins about 22 more games!
 
 
The punk pitched a great game tonight...Atlanta will be chasing the Mets this year.
 
 
We can only hope...

(Another long suffering Mets fan)
 
 
Here's what's different this year...defense.
 
 
plus, i think randolph imported a little of that NYY-winning aura  
 
 
say, whoodathunk bonds would be homerless 2 weeks into the season?

wouldn't it be ironic if he went the entire year without a dinger...
 
 
 
say, whoodathunk bonds would be homerless 2 weeks into the season?

wouldn't it be ironic if he went the entire year without a dinger...
 

As of now, Bronson Arroyo has 2 more homers than Bonds in the season.
 
 
And Schmidt, the Giant pitchers, has a better batting average.
 
 
On to another team... the White Sox, after a slow start, are hitting the ball again. Tied for first with Cleveland. Of course they've been playing KC a lot so I'm not putting to much stock in their success yet.
 
 
ESPN highlights Bonds every day, which only emphasizes how many deep outs he's been making. Could this have to do with his no longer taking steroids?

Just think: Barry Bonds has warning-track power...
 
 
i heard or read somewhere that when they do the movie of his life, dave chappelle will play him early in his career...

 

and michael clark duncan will be the present-day bonds...

 
 
 
 
Just think: Barry Bonds has warning-track power...
 

Barry Bonds has never had warning track power, even when he was skinny. And he hasn't exactly shrunk if he's off the juice. Remember they can't test for Growth Hormone, either.
 
 
barry is still hurting from the operation...his swing is messed up...I think he came back too early
 
 
i think its ALL catching up with him now -- just like it did with mcgwire & sosa...
 
 
I play MLBs Beat the Streak game. You pick a player each day that you think will get a hit. The goal is to beat DiMaggio's 56-game hitting streak. Each day your player doesn't get a hit, you start over at zero. I picked Albert Pujols today... he went 0 for 1 with 3 walks. I think they are finally learning how to pitch to the man.
 
 
Trout opener is April 29 in many states.
 
 
 
Trout opener is April 29 in many states.
 

Now you're going to go kill innocent trout?

Anon
 
 
Kill 'em and grill 'em.  
 
 
The Tigers are starting to act like the Tigers.
 
 
 
I play MLBs Beat the Streak game. You pick a player each day that you think will get a hit. The goal is to beat DiMaggio's 56-game hitting streak. Each day your player doesn't get a hit, you start over at zero. I picked Albert Pujols today... he went 0 for 1 with 3 walks. I think they are finally learning how to pitch to the man.
 

into the Bonds vacuum
 
 
 

lobster season just ended
 
 
 
 

lobster season just ended
 

Let me give you my address and you can get that sucker on an overnight!!

Anon
 
 
 

Fishin for giant trout!
 
 
don't count the Braves pitching staff out yet...Hudson threw a spiffy one last night...
 
 
panz, you appear to be more of a Marlins fan  
 
 
I can't be a Marlins fan...they sell off the team every 2 years...rather root for Tampa Bay...hee hee

Have you seen the Marlins talent floating around the Majors?...brrrrr
 
 
( bcos of your fondness for fish )
 
 
reeg...a fisherman's a jerk on one end of the line waiting for a jerk on the other end...
 
 
I just read on MLB.com that all of the Twins wins have been come-from-behind wins. That can't be good...
 
 
last night's was wild
 
 
pretty good one going on right now too. 3 lead changes already and is all tied up at 4 right now.
 
 
Saw a mens league team in Houston at a bar, their name was "From Behind".

I wonder if they all drove Subarus?
 
 
I don't get it...Subarus?
 
 
(plural of subaru)
 
 
 
Have you seen the Marlins talent floating around the Majors?...brrrrr
 

I don't mind Juan Pierre wearing Cubbie blue. He can almost get a double on a bunt.

If we could just avoid all these damn injurys...
 
 
speaking of which...more bad news.Lee has 2 broken bones in his wrist...at leasr he signed the big contract first
 
 
 
I don't get it...Subarus?
 

I get it, and it's funny. I was just talking about the Subaru thing last night.
 
 
Well the Cubbies took one of three from the Cards without Lee. Gotta love Greg Maddux. The Cards called to check the ball twice suspecting he was putting something on it.

Some quotes on Maddux from wikipedia:

 
Wade Boggs said of Maddux, "It seems like he's inside your mind with you. When he knows you're not going to swing, he throws a straight one. He sees into the future. It's like he has a crystal ball hidden inside his glove." Dwight Gooden once commended Maddux, saying, "You wish there was another league he could get called up to." Joe Morgan described Maddux's control this way: "Greg Maddux could put a baseball through a Life Saver."

 
 
 
nice guy too
 
 
This game was against the Jays? Yeah they lost to them... no matter we still took 2/3 XD
 
 
Saturday is trout opener for class 1 and 2 streams and rivers here in MI, and May 1 is the turkey opener. I'm so there.
 
 
got your ammo and camo ready for them trout cj? :wink:
 
 
Cubs fans gotta be happy with Jaque Jones finally getting over his new-club jitters...and Juan Pierre is doing his share to make the Wrigleans stop fretting about the loss of Lee.
 
 
manny atoned for his earlier base-running blunder with a 3-run dinger, baling out an un-Schillinglike pitching performance.

Mohawk Boy is 9 for 9 in save opportunities...
 
 
 
...Mohawk Boy is 9 for 9 in save opportunities...
 

I can just see him in front of the mirror.
Are you talkin to me?
Are YOU talkin to ME?
 
 
 
Papelbon had a friendly wager with teammate Kevin Youkilis that hinged on him opening the season with 10 scoreless innings. The phenom closer crossed that threshold Friday night by blanking the Blue Jays for 2 1/3 innings.

In a back room of the clubhouse Saturday morning, the razor came out and Papelbon sheepishly came out with his new 'do.

Who gave him the Mohawk?

"No comment, no comment," said Papelbon, who enters tonight's game with a Major League-leading nine saves.
 

 

usually the loser gets the short end of the stick...
 
 
Wake's got the ball tonight.
Hope the hitters give him some support for a change.
 
 
the hitting's been jekyll+hydish so far, hard to predict.

i didn't like the way hafner crushed that high schilling fastball.
next time they face each other schill needs to throw one at his noggin...
 
 
Looking forward to Brewers v. Cubs this weekend. Two evenly matched teams with similar records. And, thanks to WGN, I will actually get to watch. Woo-hoo!
 
 
 
Looking forward to Brewers v. Cubs this weekend. Two evenly matched teams with similar records. And, thanks to WGN, I will actually get to watch. Woo-hoo!
 

I love mid-day baseball games. It makes work much less sucky.
 
 
 
Looking forward to Brewers v. Cubs this weekend. Two evenly matched teams with similar records. And, thanks to WGN, I will actually get to watch. Woo-hoo!
 

1 and 1, What did the Cubs do to piss off the Brewers? On top of watching the Cubs get their ass kicked, I was watching it at the Brat Stop in Wisconsin. Hope the Brewers saved some runs for tomorrow.
 
 
Yeah, chances are the Brew Crew will top off at about 3 runs tomorrow. They're inconsistent. More remarkable, though, was that they held the Cubs to 2 today. Usually they give up 6 or 7. We'll see what happens.
 
 
I think the first talk bubble of this comic says it all:

 
 
 
The Cubs might as well played lob against the Brewers (or is that what they were doing?)

At least we have Maddux and a nice surprise with Marshall. Now we just need Z to get his stuff back and stuff back Rusch to the minors and pray Wood can play a month without getting injured.
 
 
Z will be fine. And if Wood stays healthy, the division race will be even more of a cluster fukk than it already is.
 
 
ahhh, the baseball season has FINALLY begun  

   

the fenway faithful was out for blood last night...
 
 
Yankees don't like to get dirty diving for balls hit up the middle...they're doomed
 
 
*Hoping for a May like last year for the Padres*
 
 
I'm amazed at the Chisox...they're even better than last year...and now Thome is healthy...look out!
 
 
isn't it the cubbies turn to win this year??
 
 
 
I'm amazed at the Chisox...they're even better than last year...and now Thome is healthy...look out!
 

The best record in baseball!

Of course they are sharing that title with the Tigers of all teams right now...

Seriously though, they haven't even been playing up to potential yet. Scott Pods is just now starting to heat up, Crede is getting better every game, Anderson hasn't adjusted to big league pitching yet and their pitching hasn't even gotten hot yet. I think they are the team to beat this year.
 
 
 
I think they are the team to beat this year.
 

Don't ya mean this weekend?  

Although I am not holding my breath.
 
 
grab a broom :wink:
 
 
After the griping that began this thread, I am happy to say that next week I will be watching the Brew Crew hand the Reds a beat down IN Cincinnati, AND I will catch the matinee on the North side of Chicago that Friday.

Yesssssss.

Oh, just got in the mail "The Glory of Their Times," you know, the story of early baseball told by the fellas that played it, e.g. Hank Greenberg, Rube Marquard, etc. Anyone read this?
 
 
 
 
I think they are the team to beat this year.
 

Don't ya mean this weekend?  
 

The score is giving away tickets all day today. Listen to win.
 
 
my mets squeaked by NYY 2 outta 3.
neither squad currently looks worthy of post-season play...
 
 
agreed...and cincy is doing a 3 meter dive  
 
 
i think the sawx should dump foulke.
the former lights-out closer is now their mop-up man.

last night he single-handedly turned a 9-1 laugher into a 9-5 not so funny game, and papelbon actually had to WARM UP in the 9th inning... trade his sorry ass!
 
 
since the sawx and the marlins are so friendly these days, here's my killer trade that'll help both teams:
[b]foulke, clement & snow [/b]straight up for [b]dontrelle willis[/b].
i heard the marlins can't afford to keep both willis & cabrera, and would prefer not to lose cabrera...

i was shocked that barrett got 10 games for The Punch.
seems a littlte excessive...
 
 
 
since the sawx and the marlins are so friendly these days, here's my killer trade that'll help both teams:
[b]foulke, clement & snow [/b]straight up for [b]dontrelle willis[/b].
i heard the marlins can't afford to keep both willis & cabrera, and would prefer not to lose cabrera...

i was shocked that barrett got 10 games for The Punch.
seems a littlte excessive...
 

I think Barrett's steep penalty might have something to do with the fact that A.J. was WALKING AWAY, that Barrett sucker punched him from behind.

But it was fun to watch, regardless. Yet another reason to love baseball.
 
 
now that clemens is tied up with houston, the sawx need to make this trade asap:

clement, tavares, seanez & snow for willis.

we need foulke at least until timlin gets healthy.
tavares & seanez have underperformed this year.
they were especially pitiful last sunday, turning a 5-0 wakefield shutout into a 5-4 reach-for-the-pepto nail-biter.

so, theo epstein, if you're out there, will ya at least think it over?
 
 
No offense(middle finger while smiling stupid emoticon), but you're retarded.

This isn't a Playstation 2 video game. You can't go trade 4 crap players for 1 superstar(even though he's having a bad year). I'm surprised you didn't throw Dougie Mirabelli in there, and propose for Albert Pujols.

Theo isn't listening to you...
 
 
 
You can't go trade 4 crap players for 1 superstar
 

yeah, you can -- if a team is in financial straits, like the marlins...

this isn't my first rodeo, Slappy :wink:
 
 
And taking on Foulke and Clement is going to get them out of financial straits? They're not exactly cheap guys. Guys who are "established" financially and aren't performing don't trade well...that's why Foulke is still on the team. It would take their farm system to pull a guy like Willis, and he's not worth the risk.
 
 
the Marlins are cheap...they're satisfied with a championship every 5 years and all the talent gets sold off the next year...they'll wait tiul next year and dantrelle will go to the highest bidder
 
 
nothing's set in stone -- contracts get re-worked all the time...

so the sawx are getting bludgeoned in the bronx tonight, 13-5.

i wonder how much pitching coach dave wallace is being missed this year?
bullpen coach al nipper has not done a good job filling in so far.

i strongly suspect the pitching staff will be vastly different by september.
mark my words, Slappy...
 
 
They need to do something. Tomorrow they'll probably get pounded again, they've got Pauly hitting the mound. They don't have a number 5 right now.

Just really sucks watching Beckett being so inconsistent, when his stuff is so nasty. He's already given up more homeruns this season, then he has in any season in his career, and it's about 1/3 through. And Clement's got great stuff too, but these guys are so up and down.
 
 
beckett must've been tipping his pitches.
they were squaring up on everything he threw.

pauley will have to pitch the game of his life tonight.

clement hasn't been the same since he got hit in the head last year.

wakefield hasn't been very baffling this year.
when he's on, he gets no run support.

wells is basically done.

that leaves schilling, who had a crappy month of May, after getting off to a good start.

i can't see management waiting much longer than the all-star break to start moving bodies...
 
 
they couldn't leave Pauley in to pitch to Giambi?...  
 
 
he had thrown 98 pitches, and he looked like he was unravelling after missing that easy grounder...
 
 
Yea, the 7th inning was a bonus round for him. They had the bullpen going before he started that inning. There was no reason to keep him in.

He pitched a great game though. Imagine your 2nd start pitching at Yankee stadium, and striking out Gay-Rod?
 
 
he pitched real good...so that means the sawx need a middle reliever...they got a great closer.
 
 
lefty prospect jon lester is slated for a cup of coffee this weekend...
 
 
Way to go, Julian Tavarez. Ass-clown.
 
 
that was nauseating.

i'd much rather see one of the phenoms on the mound with the game on the line...
 
 
my mets are kickin' ass and takin' names.

conflict: who the hell should i root for when they play the sawx later this month?
 
 
The Boston Puppies!  
 
 
The Red Sox have a good chance of making hay this weekend. My Braves have been hopeless of late...
 
 
 
The Red Sox have a good chance of making hay this weekend. My Braves have been hopeless of late...
 

hay now  
 
 
There are times I hate being right...
 
 
sawx needed that after getting swept away in the metrodome baggie...
 
 
Good news. I'll see the Crew twice in the next two weeks. Making another foray to Chicago's North Side again, looking for apartments, will stop by Wrigley in the third inning to get cheap seats. Then on to Milwaukee to visit family on the 4th, and to see a game at Miller Park. Yesssss.

Midseason prediction: Cardinals v. Detroit in the World Series. I'll say Ozzie Guillen loses his shit before the end of the season, giving the Tigers the AL advantage.
 
 
RP's midseason prediction --

sawx vs mets II
"20 years later... this time its personal"
 
 
 
Good news. I'll see the Crew twice in the next two weeks. Making another foray to Chicago's North Side again, looking for apartments, will stop by Wrigley in the third inning to get cheap seats. Then on to Milwaukee to visit family on the 4th, and to see a game at Miller Park. Yesssss.

Midseason prediction: Cardinals v. Detroit in the World Series. I'll say Ozzie Guillen loses his shit before the end of the season, giving the Tigers the AL advantage.
 

You're moving to Chicago? That's awesome...I love that city.
 
 
did anyone catch the clip of that minor league manager who went ballistic?

funny shit...

 http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2006/baseball/more/06/26/manager.ejection.ap/index.html 
 
 
 
 
Good news. I'll see the Crew twice in the next two weeks. Making another foray to Chicago's North Side again, looking for apartments, will stop by Wrigley in the third inning to get cheap seats. Then on to Milwaukee to visit family on the 4th, and to see a game at Miller Park. Yesssss.

Midseason prediction: Cardinals v. Detroit in the World Series. I'll say Ozzie Guillen loses his shit before the end of the season, giving the Tigers the AL advantage.
 

You're moving to Chicago? That's awesome...I love that city.
 

Yup. Having just finished the 20th grade, sadly it is time to leave school behind and slave for the man, eternally.

But I am psyched about returning to civilization, you know, to a real city, that has STUFF, like good bands and crime.
 
 
I gotta say...Willie Randolph really screwed up tonight. He left a rookie pitcher in wayyyyy too long and embarrassed the team. It was pointless. I predict the mets will soon start to falter
 
 
The Mets are slumping, but they have a huge lead. It will take a major collapse for them to drop out of first. The Braves have shown signs of life, but Chipper's injured (again) and the bullpen is beyond redemption...
 
 
 
I gotta say...Willie Randolph really screwed up tonight. He left a rookie pitcher in wayyyyy too long and embarrassed the team. It was pointless.
 

his original first choice outta the pen was oliver, who was unavailable because he's filling for a sore-hipped pedro tonight.

but i agree -- soler looked like a deer caught in the headlights last night.
they should dump him, or trade for another pitcher.

even jose lima competed better than that..

 
I predict the mets will soon start to falter
 

even if they do, they're still the cream of the crap in the NL Least!
 
 
Soler is a rookie...right off the raft.Randolph needs to baby him...not leave him in to get bombed
Also, soler needs to learn defense
 
 
i got me a hunch -- roger clemens will be in a red sawx uniform by next week...
 
 
No way in hell.
 
 
he didn't unretire to play for a mediocre, weak-hitting team.
the astros suck, and to date haven't tried to improve (unless you count aubrey huff... i sure don't).

miguel tejeda was mentioned as a possible acquisition, but the astros GM doesn't want him.

i can't see a shoe-in hall of famer -- one who's making ridiculous $$ at age 44 -- playing out the string, losing games 2-0 because his team can't hit for shit.

it doesn't make sense for him to stay put.
by next monday, he'll either be wearing red sawx or blue pinstripes...
 
 
It may not make sense to HIM to play for a team that's not going to win, but what are the Red Sox going to give up to rent him for the season's remainder? They're not going to "mortgage the farm," as Theo's already said. It would be stupid to trade prospects for Clemens for less than half the season.
 
 
don't you think epstein wants a 3rd reliable starter for the stretch run?
if he doesn't then he must be on crack!

they could dump the bullpen baggage (tavarez and seanez), an outfielder (nixon or pena), maybe throw in a prospect (pedroia?), and ca$h.

clemen's next start is sunday -- the day before the deadline...
 
 
Nobody's even mentioning Clemen's name for any trade rumors, at least certainly not within Boston's media. I highly doubt Houston's going to trade him, and I would think one of Roger's stipulations about finishing his career there was that he didn't want to be traded. But who knows.
 
 
Today is opening day for the NFL. At least training camp opened.
 
 
the trade deadline has come and gone this year without a blockbuster.
weird...
 
 
I'm convinced. David Ortiz just isn't human. How many times can one guy come up with walkoffs?

Manny isn't going to have one walkoff because Ortiz comes up big like clockwork.
 
 
big papi is da man.
every time you think he can't possibly do it again, he does it again!

if he's not the MVP this year, there's something wrong with the system...
 
 
check Big Papi for batteries
Check him for batteries.

On a different note, losing 'Tek to the knee injury is going to hurt (not to mention Nixon being out for 2-3 weeks). OUCH
 
 
tek is irreplaceable.

pena/kapler should be an adequate rightfield platoon...
 
 
HR Hit by Pena
There were a few tape measure HR shots in that 9-8 game but NONE was hit further than Pena's blast. It cleared the light tower at the Green Monstah, crossed Lansdowne and hit and broke the headlight of a car parked there. Had it not been for that car, it would gone onto the tracks. Cripes! Anyone have doubts about Pena's power?

Just read where it said that 'Tek will be out for about a month 'cause of the tear in his meniscus. Sheet. Lucky we got Mirabelli. Who cares whether or not
he can't hit his weight. let's just hope he can handle the rest of the pitching staff besides Wakefield.
 
 
red sawx management made it clear this week they aren't going to mortgage the future to try to win it all this year.

i just hope they know what they're doing...
 
 
Coupled with what NY Yankees did with getting Abreu by the waiver deadline... and the recent Red Sawx developments (Wells' flopperoonie and other key player injuries) makes you want to...ummm...pray for the best.

I just hope that one of the pitching crew emerges as a decent #3 or #4 starter. No one has middle relief anywhere so we'll limp along with what we got now and hope for the best. Maybe Wells can turn it around still...maybe Clement? May it happen soon, though~
 
 
Ortiz walk-off numbers
Ortiz walk-off numbers:

"Ortiz has come to the plate 19 times in walkoff situations since the end of the 2004 regular season (postseasons included) and reached base 16 times.

He is 11 for 14 (.786), with 7 HRs and 20 RBIs. This season, he is 8 for 9, with 5 HRs and 15 RBIs. Amazing."

So, Ramirez being where he is in the batting order has helped this situation out immensely. What can the strategy be for an opposing pitcher, walk the both of them? Hell, YES!

May the BOTH go in the Hall of Fame together when they become eligible - first time first ballot, too
 
 
papi is the august player of the month.

loretta did his papi impression last night.

great win, but it seems like they need a late-game miracle in order to win games now.

it would be nice to see them take an early lead and hold it against inferior teams like cleveland...
 
 
Pitching machine for middle innings
Region: You said "papi is the august player of the month." You meant July 'player of the month', of course. Then again, you might be psychic.

OK...after last night's game (BTW, loved it), I had this thought about what to do about pitching problems in innings #6 through #8:

Mediocre (pitching) teams like Cleveland aside...how's this for an idea ---

Substitute a pitching machine for the middle innings. The hitters will bail you out of the mess by the last out of 9th and then Papelbon (or occas. Timlin when healthy again) will carry the win home.

Seriously, Loretta with his walk-off game-winning double reminds me why Epstein should be in line for my vote for 'Executive of the Year'. Yes, YES - I know it's early and there's lots of important part of the season to go. I think it took real guts to not give away the store or their future by trading for Oswalt or Clemens by the trade deadline. Let's see how this plays out by October.

I sure hope that I won't have to eat my words.
 
 
Re: Pitching machine for middle innings

 
Region: You said "papi is the august player of the month." You meant July 'player of the month', of course. Then again, you might be psychic.
 

jeezzus that was an error, wasn't it.

oh well, there goes my chance at winning a gold glove this year...
 
 
today it was manny's turn for a walk-off hit, extending his streak to 27 games.

sweeeeeeeeeeeeeet...
 
 
Here come the White Sox!

2 outta 3 from the yanks.
a sweep of the Tigers.

 and a record of 39-25 record against teams which currently have records above.500.  It's the best winning percentage in baseball when facing elite competition.
 
 
i would expect nothing less from the defending champs...

detroit is in town this week.
it'll be a good litmus test for the sawx -- are they contenders or pretenders this year?
 
 
We softened them up for you, their young pitching is getting tired, their old pitching is getting tired... I predict this is the beginning of the end for the Tigers.
 
 
they were pretty damn fiesty tigers last night.

beckett's no ace, i'm afraid.
maybe in the NL he is, but not here, with all the big bats...
 
 
<sigh> Sure hope that Wells isn't done.
Sure hope that Beckett isn't done
Sure hope that Clement isn't done.

Getting the picture?
 
 
still waiting for the competitiveness of schilling & wells to rub off on young master beckett.

every time they show him in the dugout he's got that damn happy-go-lucky expression on his face -- "life's good and i'm a millionaire, so i don't care if i win or lose!"

i don't see clement coming back this year.
no great loss there.
he hasn't been the same pitcher since he took that line drive off the noggin last year...
 
 
sitting on pins needles about impending Yankee games.

Trade for Hinske was no great deal... just a body that could add some minor hitting help to bench and fill in as utility player-- OF and infield at the corners. He used to hit for power but has been platooned recently. Apparently, he was Rookie of the Year in '02.

FYI, trade was for lower minor leaguer to be named later. Still has to be approved by Commish office as there is a salary diff. of $1.4 m Red Sox have to fork over, too, in order to complete the deal.
 
 
<major>

 
 
 
 

 
At 4 hours, 45 minutes, the nightcap was the longest nine-inning game in major league history, and it came on top of a relatively speedy 3:55 afternoon contest.
 
 
 
 
... I predict this is the beginning of the end for the Tigers.
 

Is it to late to take this back?   ?
 
 
Marlins win eighth straight...two back of Cincy in wild card race..yowzahh  

 
 
 
i heard marlin mgmt hasn't decided on keeping girardi next year.
wazzup with that?
 
 
Girardi gone by the end of the day

 
i heard marlin mgmt hasn't decided on keeping girardi next year.
wazzup with that?
 

Girardi is a top notch manager. His record and management of their pitching staff has been top flight.

I just heard on cable sports talk show that Girardi will be let go before the end of the day. Marlin's ownership dismantle another winner. If this is the case (seems to be), Dusty Baker will be canned in Chicago, thus making room for Girardi there.

You heard it here
 
 
 
Marlins win eighth straight...two back of Cincy in wild card race..yowzahh  

 
 

Yeah, and give the Brewers some credit for that--Milwaukee is a joke on the road, possibly the worst road team in baseball.
 
 
More info on Girardi and the Marlins
"Joe Girardi has guided the Marlins into suprising Wild Card contention even though the team has the lowest payroll in Major League Baseball at approximately $14 million for 2006. Even with the success Joe Girardi has seen in his first year as manager of the Marlins he was nearly fired in early August when he got into a vocal (and visible) argument with Marlin owner, Jeffrey Loria. Although the Marlins have said the argument is over with, speculation remains that Loria and Girardi dislike one another. This as lead to wide speculation Girardi will be allowed to interview for the Chicago Cub manager vacancy after the 2006 season, following the likely departure of current Cub manager, Dusty Baker."
 
 
 
he was nearly fired in early August when he got into a vocal (and visible) argument with Marlin owner, Jeffrey Loria.
 

a rookie mistake that, if he's smart, he won't make again at his next gig...
 
 
not that it justifies anything, but Loria's a world-class a-hole
 
 
The Brewers are now on a seven game skid, vanquishing all hope of a late season run for the NL wild card.

Your team ever get so bad, you start HOPING they'll keep the losing streak alive? That's where I am at now. I want to watch the fire blow out of control.
 
 
all over but the crying
It could be worse. You could be a Red Sox fan. How about all the regulars of your team being on the DL or just palin imploding? Oh yes, it's September.

On a slightly different note. Does anyone now think Catcher Jason Varitek WASN'T the heart and soul of this team?
 
 
