 
 
Illegals murdered a 15 yr old girl
 
 
 http://www.katu.com/news/9020302.html 

 
Murder suspects admit illegal entry to U.S.
Story Published: Aug 7, 2007 at 5:39 PM PDT

Story Updated: Aug 8, 2007 at 2:38 PM PDT
By Thom Jensen, Anita Kissee and KATU Web Staff
Video OREGON CITY, Ore. - A 15-year-old Texas girl found strangled in a Milwaukie apartment last month was killed during the course of an attempted rape, prosecutors said Tuesday.

The revelations came as the men charged in connection with her murder made their first appearance in a Clackamas County court on Tuesday.

On Wednesday, federal officials also confirmed the pair said they were in the country illegally. Lorie Dankers, a spokeswoman with federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement, said both admitted to crossing into the U.S. illegally from Mexico some six months ago.

Cousins Alejandro Emeterio "Alex" Rivera-Gamboa, 24, and 23-year-old Gilberto Javier Arellano-Gamboa have both been charged with aggravated murder in the death of Dani "D.J." Countryman of Kaufman, Texas.

Her body was found July 28 in an apartment at the Balboa Apartment Complex at 2717 S.E. Courtney Road, where Countryman and her older sister, Ashley, had gone to a party the night before.

Ashley found Dani dead when she went to check on her. The 15-year-old was on a mattress in a back bedroom, and two other people were sleeping just a few feet from her.

According to a statement of probable cause filed by the Clackamas County Sheriff's Department, Alejandro Rivera-Gamboa told police during an Aug. 6 interview that he awoke the night of the party in apartment No. 19 to find his cousin, Gilberto Arellano-Gamboa, on the floor on top of Dani.

"The girl had been struggling and Arellano asked Rivera for help," the court document said. "Mr. Rivera admitted that he had held her down with his foot on her throat until she stopped moving."

A shoe seized from Rivera-Gamboa was found to have blood on it, and the pattern on the shoe was consistent with the imprint pattern found on Dani Countryman's chest, the document said.

Gilberto Arellano-Gamboa told police he did not remember his cousin killing Dani Countryman, according to the document.

The pair were in Clackamas County court for just a few minutes Tuesday, long enough for a judge to deny bail. A preliminary hearing is set for next week.

Court proceedings for the murder charges will need to be completed before authorities can turn their attention to the illegal residency issues. There is an immigration hold on the pair.

 

We once lived in the complex this happened in (moved a bit over 3yrs ago). It's more than just an illegal issue. It's a drug infested complex that has been issues for years. The cops have been out to the address 55 times since the start of the year.
 
 
White women should be wary around blacks, Hispanics, illegals, etc. These Hispanics especially consider it their "cultural right" to rape women. Ah, the joys of diversity.
 
 
 
 http://www.katu.com/news/9020302.html 

We once lived in the complex this happened in (moved a bit over 3yrs ago). It's more than just an illegal issue. It's a drug infested complex that has been issues for years. The cops have been out to the address 55 times since the start of the year.

 

If we'd enforce our immigration laws and border, it would definitely decrease the odds of this happening.
 
 
 
White women should be wary around blacks, Hispanics, illegals, etc. These Hispanics especially consider it their "cultural right" to rape women. Ah, the joys of diversity.

 

It is NOT a Hispanic "cultural right" to rape women. It is the actions of criminals.
 
 
I say that I am sick and tired of this crap. There are a few things well if they consider it a right to rape. Well you know the illegals coming from south america that cross mexico there is always horror stories on them getting beaten raped and so on and so forth. Anyways we can start returning the favor
 
 
 
It is NOT a Hispanic "cultural right" to rape women. It is the actions of criminals.

 

See here:

 http://www.springerlink.com/content/v27u842053713l28/ 

Better, here:

 http://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp...&notFound=true 

In recent decades, Mexico has made strides to improve women's rights and opportunities. Mexican women still have much higher illiteracy rates than men, but that is slowly changing as young girls are staying in school longer. During the 1990s, laws that trampled women's rights were abolished, such as those that said married women needed their husband's permission to hold a job outside the home.

But in the country that made the term "machismo" famous, where women were given the right to vote only in 1953, women's rights advocates said rape and other violence against women are still not treated as serious crimes. And they said police, prosecutors and judges often show indifference or hostility toward women who claim rape -- such as in the case of Yessica Yadira Diaz Cazares.
 
 
Illegals also killed those three kids from New Jersy and critically injured the other.
 
 
They have added rape charges, making them eligible for the death penalty.

 http://www.koin.com/Global/story.asp?S=6936022 
 
 
 
ANyways we can start returning the favor

 

What exactly are you advocating here?
 
 
 
What exactly are you advocating here?

 

The sick twerp does not have he nerve to answer.
 
 
did you ever think if you treated illegal aliens as real Americans instead of second class citizens and maybe threw in a few perks they might not feel the need to rape and kill ?
 
 
