 
 
Swedish women fight for right to bare breasts
 
 
Caught your attention, eh? :wink:

 
 Women fight for right to bare breasts 

The Local
20th September 2007

Two female students are demanding their rights after they were banned from bathing topless at a swimming pool in Uppsala. If girls are forced to wear bikinis, boys should be too, one of the women told The Local.

Ragnhild Karlsson, 22, and her friend Kristin Karlsson, 21, live on the same corridor in a student residence in the university town. On September 5th they took a trip to the Fyrishov leisure complex, where they decided to hop in for a swim without their bikini tops.

Though the pool was full of swimmers, a female lifeguard eventually caught sight of the bare-breasted women and reached for her whistle.

"We had been swimming for a while without anybody paying us any attention when the guards called us to the side and told us to either put on a top or leave. So we left," Ragnhild Karlsson told The Local.

On Wednesday, the two women sent a letter to the Equal Opportunities Ombudsman explaining that they saw no reason for men an women to be treated differently. If anything, a bikini top could be accused of drawing unnecessary attention to a woman's breasts.

"It's a question of equality. I think it's a problem that women are sexualized in this way. If women are forced to wear a top, shouldn't men also have to?"

The two friends said they were surprised when they were approached by the lifeguards.

"We thought it was against the law to treat people differently," said Ragnhild Karlsson, who is studying to be a speech therapist. Her friend Kristin aims to practice occupational therapy.

Staff at the pool later referred to studies showing that crimes of a sexual nature were particularly common in swimming pool environments.

"Surely women should be allowed to decide for themselves whether they need protecting. And is it not strange that women should somehow bear responsibily for sex crimes carried out by men," said Ragnhild Karlsson.

But a spokeswoman for the leisure complex stood by their decision not to allow the women to bathe topless.

"Swimming pools generally require men to wear swimming trunks and women to wear either bikinis or one piece swimsuits," Inger Grotteblad told The Local.

"There are three reasons for this. First, there is a security aspect, then there is a hygiene issue and finally there is what we call 'prevailing manners and customs'. It is above all this last point which is important here," she added.

She also pointed out that the swimming complex always needed to bear in mind the preferences of its guests.

"We have a lot of visitors here, ranging from families with children to the elderly. We also have people from different ethnic backgrounds. We want all of them to be able to enjoy themselves when they come here.

"This issue is new to us and we welcome the debate. It is important that everybody gets to voice their opinion, from families with children to naturists, older people and Muslim women. We have asked our governing body to look into this and hope they will come back to us with recommendations," said Grotteblad.
 
 
 
This story is deficient in one particular respect.
 
 
Where are the pictures??

Joe(what a disappointment!!!!)Nation  
 
 
I will be glad to fly over and play a benefit for their defense fund...
 
 
That's just sensationalism. The girls did it for attention (which they got,) and the place got some free publicity.

Someone should have given the girls the phone number of that guy that produces the Girls Gone Wild videos.

You'll notice I'm referring to them as 'girls' rather than 'women.'
Apparently they're too immature to understand why women need to wear tops and men don't.
 
 
 
Tell them to move to Ontario.

No tops required. For men, women, boys or girls.
 
 
 
Apparently they're too immature to understand why women need to wear tops and men don't.
 

mmmm, that's really only an issue in a few countries. Most of the world is pretty okay with boobs.
 
 
 
That's just sensationalism. The girls did it for attention (which they got,) and the place got some free publicity.

Someone should have given the girls the phone number of that guy that produces the Girls Gone Wild videos.

You'll notice I'm referring to them as 'girls' rather than 'women.'
Apparently they're too immature to understand why women need to wear tops and men don't.

 
 

Really? Why's that? I mean, if it's purely mechanical, John Goodman should have to wear a top and Calista Flockhart shouldn't...
 
 
They make a valid point. I wouldn't go as far as they did myself, but from biological point of view, all that women boobs have extra is some fat. Othewise men have the same nipples, even the same mammary glands. It is culture that dictates that it makes 'sense' for women to wear tops.
After all, it's not like those flimsy triangles of stretchy cloth really cover anything anyway... And as far as crime goes, I believe less of it was commited if the taboo of naked boobs was done away with. once you cover up, mystify and taboo-ize, it's only more appealing. shrug, i wish them best of luck.
 
 
oh c'mon people.

As long as women's breasts are considered a sex organ - and they are by a good portion of of the world - they should be covered when in public around children.

(and no, I'm not talking about nursing a baby, or even for that matter ugly old women - though that would be just scary)

But if I'm at a resort or beach with my 14 year old son, I don't want some buxom 22 year old bimbo bouncing down the beach in front of us.
How uncomfortable would that be as a parent? ugh.

You all can say what you want, but I was brought up on east coast of the US and we women generally keep our boobs somewhat under wraps....unless we intend to use them.....for whatever reason. :wink:
 
 
isn't that what they are contesting? that breasts are not a sex organ? that that's a product of our upbringing and not nature? and that culture can sometimes be discriminatory, which this is an example of?

i don't have kids, but my nephew saw my boobs nekkid on stage (hey, it was a theatrical production). good portion of the world may cover them up, but there is ALSO a good portion of the world that doesn't cover them at all.... these women are talking about discrimination and rights. now, culturally, you might be right. but philosophically, they are. not that i particularly care one way or another.... interesting human rights issue though...  
 
 
dag - The society in which you live dictates what is accepted and what is not accepted. Of course it's all upbringing. And no, it's not always correct and it can be discriminatory.

But I know that 2 barebreasted young woman aren't going to change things overnight, or over a year, or probably over 10 years.

They got their jollies, and I'm sure that's all they really set out to do.
 
 
 
But if I'm at a resort or beach with my 14 year old son, I don't want some buxom 22 year old bimbo bouncing down the beach in front of us.
How uncomfortable would that be as a parent? ugh.

 

what has he learned/is he learning from you if you're uncomfortable in that sort of situation?

~~~

comfort with our own/others skin makes things much better for all of us

anxiety about toplessness/burkha - one and the same to me
 
 
 
2 barebreasted young woman aren't going to change things overnight, or over a year, or probably over 10 years.

 

One bare-breasted young woman changed things in Ontario in a very short period of time. People don't even particularly blink if they see a topless busker these days. Sure, the first time you see a lovely young woman playing the flute on a street-corner, it's a bit of a surprise, but then you go on with things.
 
 
Society I live in now once dictated slavery is OK. Not saying it's the same thing....just that that's not a good reason to stick to, or to excuse some practices by. Neither is level of comfort.

Sure it won't change overnight. But I don't know what they set out to do - I'm surprised that you do. For all we know, they might be dead serious. Again, I don't really care, topless beaches (or rather being topless on any old beach) are already rather common in Europe, and in daily life I prefer a bra for support. And who doesn't, shouldn't have to wear one. Shrug. I think it's just a matter of time.
 
 
NOT THE NIPPLE AGAIN! ANYTHING BUT THE NIPPLE!
when i was tiny, i grew up with a pair of bare breasts in my face and i turned out okay.

is anyone else missing out on the fact they're multipurpose? i mean the mouth can be a sex organ too, and women go around smiling all day, honestly it's no wonder people are so depraved. also: you know in new york it's been declared unconstitutional to force women to cover them?
 
 
 
"There are three reasons for this. First, there is a security aspect, then there is a hygiene issue and finally there is what we call 'prevailing manners and customs'. It is above all this last point which is important here," she added.

 

With this one statement, this person has called womens breasts dirty, embarassing, and sex provoking.

How sad is that.

The only reason people dont like to see a breast is because it makes them think sex. And in alot of puritan based societies, people are taught to not think about sex, not feel anything about sex, and that it is only something people do in private with thier husband/wife and no more. They are taught that being a sexual being, which includes random thoughts of sex through out the day, is wrong, dirty, and whorish. And those that make you feel sex are bad.

When they see skin and think sex, it makes them uncomfortable. Instead of being an adult and owning that discomfort, they try to pass it on to the person who is showing the skin calling them " hussies, sluts, dirty, sloppy, whores, tramps.." all the while screaming " WHAT ABOUT THE KIDS! COVER YOURSELF SO THE KIDS DONT SEE"
as if nudity kills.  

And what is this "sanitation " reason?
Bare breasts make the water dirty? Bare skin makes the water dirty?

Uhhh hellooooo miss pool owner, ALL SKIN GETS WET IN THE WATER, no matter what you are wearing. Kids and some adults PEE IN THE WATER.....
Sanitation is NOT a valid reason. But it sure speaks volumes about how people think about and look at breasts. ( dirty, unsantiary??)

And I do not buy the statement of ' it keeps women safe'
The only thing that keeps women safe is to rid the world of men and that is ridicilous as well. Male rapists will rape no matter what she is wearing. And what she is wearing is not responsible for that brutal behavior.

Women are not delicate things that need rules and societies upturned nose to protect. Bare skin is bare skin. So what.

It doesnt harm a child to see a nude person. And older age child may have a sexual thought about a nude person. Oh dear lord, the earth will come to an end if that is happening   Heaven forbid a sexual being experience sexual thoughts. Jeezee..

I would expect this kind of article from America, honestly. Not Swedin
 
 
I can only speak for myself.

I have enough trouble as it is getting any reading done at the beach because I get distracted, not to mention turned on, by the passing semi-nude female shapes. I suppose I could get used to seeing topless women, but I doubt it.

I once tried to kill a chocolate habit by eating lots and lots of the the stuff. I did not find out what my limit was.

(Wait a minute. There are flutists playing topless on Ontario streets?)

Excuse me. I have to gather some more thoughts about this.

Joe(goggles 'flights to Ontario')Nation
 
 
 
 
But if I'm at a resort or beach with my 14 year old son, I don't want some buxom 22 year old bimbo bouncing down the beach in front of us.
How uncomfortable would that be as a parent? ugh.

 

what has he learned/is he learning from you if you're uncomfortable in that sort of situation?

~~~

comfort with our own/others skin makes things much better for all of us

anxiety about toplessness/burkha - one and the same to me
 

I'm uncomfortable watching naked women and sex scenes with my son who is at the age where sex and naked women are on his mind something like once every 90 seconds (or whatever they say it is.)
And all that crap about naked breasts being natural is bullshit as long Playboy and the like continue to publish photos of naked women as sex symbols.

Why do they put brown paper covers on magazines such as Playboy and Maxim, and restrict the buying age?

Those of you who say it's natural and all that crap....obviously don't have any teenage boys in your home, and if you do, you're trying to telll me that you don't feel weird watching them get a hard on looking at naked women?
If that's true, then there's something wrong with you, not me.
 
 
Teenage boys are wired for hard-ons. I know -- I was one. Yeah, bare boobs were good for that. So were women in bikinis, or one-pieces, or old-fashioned bathing costumes. A ride on the highway with snow chains. Sitting bored in class. Waking up in the morning. Now, I don't really care one way or the other, but the eroticization and censure of breasts is utterly and completely arbitrary (well, nipples get erect, but they do on men, too, and they do it for all sorts of reasons).

Just a thought: what if your teenage son was gay. Would you ask a well-muscled young man at the pool to please put a shirt on, you might give my boy a boner?
 
 
 
Teenage boys are wired for hard-ons. I know -- I was one. Yeah, bare boobs were good for that. So were women in bikinis, or one-pieces, or old-fashioned bathing costumes. A ride on the highway with snow chains. Sitting bored in class. Waking up in the morning. Now, I don't really care one way or the other, but the eroticization and censure of breasts is utterly and completely arbitrary (well, nipples get erect, but they do on men, too, and they do it for all sorts of reasons).

Just a thought: what if your teenage son was gay. Would you ask a well-muscled young man at the pool to please put a shirt on, you might give my boy a boner?
 

In fact I'd ensure your son wears a shirt in case his bare chest aroused a dirty old man.
 
 
imagine there's no nipples
it's easy if you try
no awkward sweater features
that poke us in the eye

imagine proper women... dressing properly...

i...
imagine no more sex drive
i wonder if you can
no need for procreation
or using just one hand

imagine all the people, keeping it in their pants

you...
you may say i'm a dreamer
but i'm not the only one
i hope someday you'll join us
it's so high-minded, but it's no fun

imagine no more women
it isn't hard to do
no one to cuddle or win over
and no distractions too

imagine all the people, getting back to work

you... you may say i'm a dreamer
but i'm not completely gone
i just don't like the human body
and i was born with clothing on
 
 
 
 
Teenage boys are wired for hard-ons. I know -- I was one. Yeah, bare boobs were good for that. So were women in bikinis, or one-pieces, or old-fashioned bathing costumes. A ride on the highway with snow chains. Sitting bored in class. Waking up in the morning. Now, I don't really care one way or the other, but the eroticization and censure of breasts is utterly and completely arbitrary (well, nipples get erect, but they do on men, too, and they do it for all sorts of reasons).

Just a thought: what if your teenage son was gay. Would you ask a well-muscled young man at the pool to please put a shirt on, you might give my boy a boner?
 

In fact I'd ensure your son wears a shirt in case his bare chest aroused a dirty old man.
 

Well, if he comes down to visit you I'll give him a hoodie...

 
 
 
 
I'm uncomfortable watching naked women....
 

I can feel that.

Later on, your kid probably will do either.

But, what the heck, it's just crap...
 
 
a number of individuals feel the same way about fat people- i'm sure if we simply told them to stay at home... that's not unreasonable is it?

i mean fat's fat, you can't just pretend it isn't there, wearing black or vertical stripes. perhaps if we disguised them all as police boxes...
 
 
happycat, you'd be amazed how quickly nudity becomes desexualized if you're used to it.

I've mentioned before [shushes the chorus of "too many times!!"] that I used to live in a clothes-optional housing co-op. That is, people who lived there could wear clothes or not, up to them. It was SO nice in the summer to just not have to bother with bras, shirts, etc. And it was simply not an issue. There were the new guys or visitors who got a bit  , but they were given a talking-to by male residents or else just got used to it, themselves. I'd put the equation at something like 6 hours or 4 days, whichever came first. (Yes, there was male nudity too, especially for swimming, also not an issue.)
 
 
 
Why do they put brown paper covers on magazines such as Playboy and Maxim
 

They do?  

Not in Europe.. (not anywhere I remember anyway, its not that I go around looking for it).

In Holland, of course they dont - might put it on a higher shelf, but its there for all to see. Ah yes, but Holland, I hear you say. But oddly enough, its here in Hungary that I ended up feeling a bit prudish. They're way more liberal here on that particular count.

I remember three moments in the first few months here that I went, eh? Once when a guy, just a regular guy, was openly leafing through Playboy while walking down the street, without any embarassment. Once when in a cultural-type coffeehouse, where they have plays and comedy nights, the Playboy was randomly part of the reading table, in between news magazines and pop ones. And the third time was when in one of those fancy trendy restaurants on Liszt Square - the whole square is a bit of a mix between tourist trap and hangout for the New Rich, but the place was just a regular cafe/restaurant - the Penthouse was the only reading material they had. Piles of em in occasional places. Turned out they sponsored the place.

That made me blink, I gotta admit, I mean, what?

But its normal, apparently. Its odd - when it comes to relationships, the whole expected roles men and women are expected to play, they're still unnervingly conservative here. Its like the fifties must have been, like emancipation never happened, or not much below the surface. But then on sex and the like they seem to have jumped ahead of even us Dutch, postcommunism style.
 
 
Re: NOT THE NIPPLE AGAIN! ANYTHING BUT THE NIPPLE!

 
i mean the mouth can be a sex organ too, and women go around smiling all day, honestly it's no wonder people are so depraved.
 

Well, that is a good point. I mean, thats what the veils are for..
 
 
i don't have to explain how hands are involved
i know, here in the states our "page 5" girl in the tabloids is wearing a top, can you believe it?

let them grow up in europe, they'll be bored with nipples by the time they hit puberty. it's that, or have all the american girls tape up like hilary swank in boys don't cry.

oh please, say to me
you like the way i look
and please, say to me

you'll let me hold your books!
now let me hold your books,
i want to hold your books...
 
 
 
Why do they put brown paper covers on magazines such as Playboy and Maxim, and restrict the buying age?

 

I have no idea why they do it where you are.

They don't do it here, or anyplace I've travelled in the U.S.
 
 
Re: NOT THE NIPPLE AGAIN! ANYTHING BUT THE NIPPLE!

 
 
i mean the mouth can be a sex organ too, and women go around smiling all day, honestly it's no wonder people are so depraved.
 

Well, that is a good point. I mean, thats what the veils are for..
 

That was pretty much my burkha comment.
 
 
Many clothes women wear are extremely revealing, so they might as well be bare.

Your son, happycat, could and probably is getting turned on by shots of celebrities' bare hoo-haa's which have been all over the internet.

I don't see how bare boobs are a big deal.
 
 
Yeah, some of the softer porno mags (the ones available at newstands) are sold sealed in clear plastic so you can't look inside without paying, but as far as I know the brown paper thing is how it's sent in the mail. And if I remember right, my National Geographic subscription came in a brown wrapper, too.
 
 
No plastic wrappers on the soft porn here. The only magazines that are mailed/sold in plastic are ones that have dvd's or advertising treats.

I guess Canajuns are just decadent to the bone. Almost European in our freakishness  
 
 
Hey, you calling me a freak?
 
 
You're workin' on it  

Getting pretty good at it, too.
 
 
  Well guess that means you're a freak, too, so we're in good company.
 
 
Always with the boobs.

I just don't care anymore. Wouldn't fight for it, like these folks, bc I just don't care.

I wonder why it is that so many think seeing all these boobs all the time is going to be a good thing, I do wonder that sometimes.

At the places where I've seen a lot of topless women, (not talking a strip club but public places where it is legal and outside) : most of those bodies aren't even that appealing to look at.

This may sound cruel, but it's not even that it is distracting. It's that there is often "prettier" and more pleasant things to be looking at, like trees, so it ceases to even matter.

Honestly, wouldn't even matter if men walked around with their packages hanging out. It's all ceases to be sexual real fast.

I don't care for exhibitionist personalities, though, and that is my biggest problem with it all. Problem, as in, it does sometimes irritate me when someone gets all riled up about this crap and insists they shouldn't have to wear a top anywhere and what have you. It's not hard to live with either way, so what is the big deal.

If we could somehow lock away all the exhibitionist type personalities into one place....I'd be happy...nice or not, that's my fantasy.
 
 
Re: i don't have to explain how hands are involved

 
let them grow up in europe, they'll be bored with nipples by the time they hit puberty.
 

oh i wouldnt quite say that..

nimhstillnotbored
 
 
Tinygiraffe, did you write that 'imagine' riff? Very funny.

I'm on a one-woman don't worry if nipples show under clothes crusade. I spent a bunch of years, years ago, buying padded bras for that reason, not for bulk.

I can see a pool company having rules of their choice, but can also see the argument by the women. Hmm. In a situation like in soz' coop, that's a coop choice; with other public and private facilities, I can see rules varying.

Amusingly, I find Playboys on a table no big deal. Or, playboys at or on tables.

The thing with swimming though... I'm trying to picture a whole pool of female backstrokers...

When I used to swim a mile three times a week, ohgodnotlately, I think I liked having my boobs constrained by my speedo and not flopping out there in pool space....
I could only do the crawl with any reasonable facility - just seems easier in my mind without flop city happening.
 
 
Oddly, lack of support might be inconvenient in the breast stroke.

Hmm.
 
 
I'm thinking double keel. Like on a surfboard.
 
 
Surfboards have double keels?

I'm soooo out of it now.
 
 
Plastic wrappers come to my mailbox on better magazines... Garden Design, perhaps (a gift from a cousin, don't get me started - well, I'm glad re the gift). I suspect some frame some of the Garden Design photography (which I don't particularly like, heh, it's all blatz). Same may happen with other types of mags, re the need to plastic wrap.
 
 
 
I'm thinking double keel. Like on a surfboard.
 

They would have to hang just so. And they would probably do so even better if harnessed.

At risk of sounding like a vaguely dirty old song... You gotta have the right suit to have the right stroke. You gotta get the right suit to get the right stroke.
 
 
 
 
I'm thinking double keel. Like on a surfboard.
 

They would have to hang just so. And they would probably do so even better if harnessed.

 

Plastic wrap might just do the trick.
 
 
or each boob strapped to a plank of wood.
 
 
WOOD!?!?!!

Some sort of polymer resin would probably be cheaper, lighter, and more effective.
 
 
By the way, don't underestimate technology in these regards. Check this guy out -- he's competing at a very high level.

 http://www.usatoday.com/sports/olympics/summer/2007-07-15-4074777036_x.htm 

So it's pretty clear cut (I suppose) that steroids is "cheating" (though not if everybody else is doing it; then it's just stupid). Is this guy cheating?
 
 
 
By the way, don't underestimate technology in these regards. Check this guy out -- he's competing at a very high level.

 http://www.usatoday.com/sports/olympics/summer/2007-07-15-4074777036_x.htm 

So it's pretty clear cut (I suppose) that steroids is "cheating" (though not if everybody else is doing it; then it's just stupid). Is this guy cheating?
 

This deserves a thread of its own Dog.
 
 
The Smithsonian comes with a brown paper dust cover, but it has the logo printed on it. I wonder how many postal workers peek inside to see if it's just a fake cover.

There was a push in the early to mid 80s to have all the mens magazines sold in brown wrappers...seems like I remember seeing some like this, but I'm not drawing any definite images from memory. I know that many retailers...convenience stores and such did agree to move those types of books to the top shelf, so children couldn't flip thru them, or simply see anything while rooting for a MAD magazine....but often the "top" shelf is only four feet high.

I saw a guy buy a mag today, not sure which one, but it was in clear plastic with a darkened stripe across part of the cover.

There is a particular store that pops into mind, the magazines are located between the microwave and the soda fountain, roughly at eye level....and these are not Playboyesque {classy} either, these are the kind that would make a gynecologist say Dayum!...yeah, I've overflowed many a Mt. Dew in that store.
 
 
 
 
By the way, don't underestimate technology in these regards. Check this guy out -- he's competing at a very high level.

 http://www.usatoday.com/sports/olympics/summer/2007-07-15-4074777036_x.htm 

So it's pretty clear cut (I suppose) that steroids is "cheating" (though not if everybody else is doing it; then it's just stupid). Is this guy cheating?
 

This deserves a thread of its own Dog.
 

They don't go anywhere if I start 'em, pad. If you really want to, you start it.

Seriously, I'd like to see the thread. But it won't work if it's mine.
 
 
There was a Boobs on Bikes parade in Auckland this August. Just sharin.
 
 
Sweet.

The Into the Streets march in Santa Cruz was always a massively topless affair, but it was profoundly asexual except to some of its participants.
 
 
ossobuco (from page 4) i did, and thanks.

i used to enjoy (i didn't enjoy it that much, actually) arguing with passion and invective on internet forums, "long ago," but i don't think it really did anything. i'm sure i made some good points, but mostly i just shortened my lifespan and irritated myself and the people i disagreed with.

i'm sure if i hang out in the politics forum too long, i'll get back into the old habits, but i prefer making points with humor now, whenever possible.

funny doesn't mean it's true, but it's better than fisticuffs and more intellectual. well, intellectual or something. although personally i was more amused with the idea of making up fat people to look like police boxes  
 
 
 
 
let them grow up in europe, they'll be bored with nipples by the time they hit puberty.
 

oh i wouldnt quite say that..
 

out of sheer honesty, i was exaggerating a bit  

of course i didn't think anyone really took me literally.
 
 
 
There was a Boobs on Bikes parade in Auckland this August. Just sharin.
 

 

Joe(extra sunscreen needed)Nation
 
 
I should have known that this thread would become a battle of nonsense and disolve into a discussion of plastic vs. paper.

Those of you who are parents will, hopefully, understand how I feel being embarrassed watching sex scenes with my teenage son. It's uncomfortable for me, it's uncomfortable for him, and that's a completely natural and normal reaction for both of us.

Anyone here that says different....is either not a parent, or is lying.

Some of you want to sound so worldly and sophisticated, but it usually just comes out sounding silly and false.
 
 
 
Those of you who are parents will, hopefully, understand how I feel being embarrassed watching sex scenes with my teenage son. It's uncomfortable for me, it's uncomfortable for him, and that's a completely natural and normal reaction for both of us.

 

Such is on tv here only after 11pm. Most children are asleep at that time.

But I would feel uncomfortable as well if (in your case: when) parents do such with their children.
 
 
Thank you Walter.

And, I'm not talking about silly sex scenes like in some stupid teen movie; I'm talking about what is supposed to be real foreplay and sex between adults.

But, now that I mention it....teen movies and their focus on breasts only fuel the notion of women's breasts as sex organs. If anyone here has ever watched one of those silly movies, the object is alway to 'see the girl's boobs.'

I certainly agree with those who say being brought up in a clothing-optional society tends to make teens more blase about the human body, but that's generally not the case here in the U.S.
 
 
It would be a tough situation to avoid here, Walter, though not impossible.
It would probably eliminate watching any HBO movies or series and pre-screening just about everything on Cinemax.

Joe(Sports. Watching sports is good.)Nation
 
 
 
Anyone here that says different....is either not a parent, or is lying.

 

As a parent of a 16 son and 19 daughter year old I resent your implication that I am a liar. (At least I believe i'm their father. They continually deny such association)

You may feel uncomfortable, I dont. Do not presume to lay your prudish cultural mores on me.

I don't intentionally expose my kids to boobs or healthy sexual relationships but if it happens it happens.

I'd go on with a few more choice word about what seems to be your prudish attitude but you are entitled to your view and I respect that.
 
 
I am not prudish.

So Dad, you're watching a movie with your daughter when she was a bit younger (say 14 or 15) and a scene comes on where a naked woman is writhing to the beat of a guy underneath her.....

and you don't feel a bit weird????
 
 
And I'm a parent of a 6-year-old daughter -- sex scenes would be handled much more carefully than nudity per se. She's seen her share of nudity, and again, nudity is not the same as sex.
 
 
sozobe - No, of course nudity is not bad.... at all.
But, most teens here in the U.S. are conditioned via tv, movies, video games and music videos to look at women's bodies. and the various parts of their bodies, only in a sexual way.

It's conditioning on a mass scale.
Unless you throw out your tv and video games and never let your kid go to the movies or see even a Cosmo magazine....you're doomed to them being turned on by what they are told and shown as being sexy and suggestive, even if they've never thought about it before.

Peer pressure is a strong motivator. If a son's friends are giggling and pointing at a girls breasts, then chances are your son is going to view them as something to giggle and point at.

Then again, I also would hate to expose my son to that horrible naked bike parade as someone posted here.
I don't want to scare the bejesus out of him, so that he can't even look at a naked woman....or a bicycle again.  
 
 
 
I am not prudish.

So Dad, you're watching a movie with your daughter when she was a bit younger (say 14 or 15) and a scene comes on where a naked woman is writhing to the beat of a guy underneath her.....

and you don't feel a bit weird????
 

Who watches movies with a 14 year old which are likely to have such scenes?? Cripes.

Joe(Do some scheduling.)Nation
 
 
 
 
I am not prudish.

So Dad, you're watching a movie with your daughter when she was a bit younger (say 14 or 15) and a scene comes on where a naked woman is writhing to the beat of a guy underneath her.....

and you don't feel a bit weird????
 

Who watches movies with a 14 year old which are likely to have such scenes?? Cripes.

Joe(Do some scheduling.)Nation
 

I think dadpad does. Because he's not prudish.

This all started because I said if I was on the beach with my teenager, I'd be uncomfortable watching a beach babe with naked boobs bounce across the sand in front of us.

Because of that thought, I'm prudish?
 
 
 
Those of you who are parents will, hopefully, understand how I feel being embarrassed watching sex scenes with my teenage son.
 

 
And, I'm not talking about silly sex scenes like in some stupid teen movie; I'm talking about what is supposed to be real foreplay and sex between adults.
 

Right..

However, that is not at all in the least whatsoever the thing you actually said earlier that people were reacting to here, is it?

 
But if I'm at a resort or beach with my 14 year old son, I don't want some buxom 22 year old bimbo bouncing down the beach in front of us.
How uncomfortable would that be as a parent? ugh.
 

How in heavens name does "topless girl on beach" equate with "naked woman writhing to the beat of a guy underneath her"????

Yes, I think most parents would feel uncomfortable watching scenes of "a naked woman writhing to the beat of a guy underneath her" with their children.

What that has to do with any of our reactions to your post about how its wrong to have your son see topless girls on the beach, only God knows.

(Dude.)
 
 
crap! so much for using humor

 
I should have known that this thread would become a battle of nonsense
 

oh i do resent that. as much as i loathe politics, i'm inclined to think of the iraq war.

your ultimate premise, is nonsense. your ultimate objective, is nonsense. the ultimate weapon being used, is nonsense itself.

and you expect anything more or less that "a battle of nonsense," in a nonsensical war against the natural state of the human body? you might as well put butter, flour, sugar, and eggs in a bowl and be suprised that you end up with cake batter.

the bottom line is, you just assume your stand is reasonable and any argument against it couldn't possibly be- that by explaining your war against human skin, it will suddenly just "all make sense."

sorry to disappoint! but you know, the same people that are typically in favor of women dresssing a certain way are usually against them speaking as well. if you lot ever "win" this one, rest assured, you won't be a part of the next real debate. you'll be "in your place," as unseen and unheard from as that awful old nipple itself. lots of luck to both of you.

censorship hurts people. excuse the hell out of us for arguing that your gender should have any rights- even if you are personally too uptight to appreciate them fully. i just can't believe you have the bloody gall to call it "nonsense."
 
 
Happycat, you are on a beach, there's likely to be all sorts of skin exposed.

On the Florida Gulf Coast, the snowbird girls troop by in their thongs and what appear to be pasties with a bit of string attached, accompanied by their equally exposed boyfriends who wear little more than an athletic supporter with a pattern of colors on it. I have finally trained myself to gape without having my jaw actually touch my chest.

The girls on the New York Subway aren't dressed up much more, between belly shirts and thigh-high skirts I think many shall die of exposure this winter.

I don't envy you raising a son in this era. (My youngest is thirty-five.) We are drowned with sexual images of women in this country from every media outlet possible, you may be uncomfortable, but he may just see the girl on the beach as just another in a long line of girls.

Joe(Oh, and buy him condoms. He'll need them)Nation
 
 
Just popping in here to add my 2 cents on a few points:

1. I agree - what kind of show are you watching with your son where there is suddenly a woman writhing under a man in a sex scene?

2. Would I feel uncomfortable watching it with him? Only as much as I would with anyone else. (I hate feminine hygiene product commercials more, actually). And I admit to being somewhat prudish. I do think those things belong in private. Seldom are those scenes necessary to the movie. But I also don't enjoy watching others open-mouth kissing, so there you have it.

3. I would not feel uncomfortable with my son and me viewing a bouncing set of boobies on the beach. I'd probably laugh with him at the sight.

4. Sex and nudity are two different things and both can be beautiful.

5. And I am a parent and I'm not lying. Please remember to speak for yourself only.
 
 
Scratch that.... I wrote a long post, read it, thought it sounded potentially judgmental, which I don't want... so. I'll share "where I come from" instead. Because that might best explain how we feel and what we think about these things.

My parents never made a big deal of nudity. My mom, to this day, starts disrobing the second she hits the front door... There goes the skirt, there flies the shirt... and when it's sunny she's literally running to the backyard to sit in the sun and read...in her underwear if we're lucky  

They were also very liberal in their upbringing of us. My dad used to take me to theatre plays that were 18+ ever since I was twelve or so. It would make the theatre staff pause, but he insisted I'm 'mature enough' and he's stubborn. They always let me in. We would discuss them, too. I enjoyed it tremendously. There were 'writhing scenes' and they were live. Uncomfortable? No. I took it as a learning experience, i wanted to understand the world and all of its components, including the complicated world of adult relationships. That I discussed with my mother a lot, too. Nothing was taboo.

We also swam a lot in the summer- family, with close friends... Used to go to these writers' gatherings, which were really like a big family. Nobody wore swimsuits there. It was just swimming, no hint of sexuality, and since everybody felt comfortable and just natural, it wouldn't even had crossed my mind. And we have a video from a topless beach, I was about 15 at the time. Again, not uncomfortable to me, not even back then.

My dad never liked TV. He likes documentaries, he'll watch a good movie, but when we'd watch whatever popular crap, he'd jokingly call us videots. I guess it imprinted upon me.. I don't watch TV. Occasional SNL (maybe twice this year?). We watch movies only. And I never read the glossy magazines...so I am not 'in touch' with that at all, and don't care to be... I don't know how having a child would change that for me. I know I'd have to deal with popular culture lot more than I'd like, but I do know it would not change my approach to nudity or sexuality. I expect I would bring up my child very much the same I was brought up by my parents.

Others had different childhoods, different imprints, different 'lessons learnt'. So what. There's no right or wrong.

But there is increasing amount of nudity all around, whether we like it or not, and I presume that trend will continue. We'll all have to grapple with that best way we can.
 
 
Brings sweet memories to mind, Dag...

But not sure about the "increasing amount of nudity" bit, unless it will be under burqas...
 
 
So funny to me that Happycat mentioned the sex scenes in "silly teen movies" as being not-discomfort-inducing to see with her son, unlike a realistic sex scene. I feel exactly the opposite-- the teen movie sex scenes are always the ones that treat sex and the female body as a big dirty joke. I find that highly offensive; all the teen movie sex scenes I've run across have been truly disgusting.

At least a realistic sex scene doesn't make the woman into a thing to be giggled about with your buddies.

I'm not a parent but I can speak from the perspective of the teenager watching movies with my parents-- and we watched grown-up movies from the time I was really young, so we had our share of running into sex scenes. The funny thing is I treat sex scenes exactly the same alone or with anyone else as I did with them... Hit the fast forward!....wait, does it look like they might be saying something important? Hit play-- nope, just moaning, fast forward again....  
 
 
Oh, and I forgot to say--

Tinygiraffe, your Imagine parody was too funny! I thought you'd copied it from somewhere, I'm impressed that you made it up   (also liked the police boxes suggestion)
 
 
 
 
 
ahem....I would just like to request of fellow A2Ker's, after reading Happy Cat's posts, that no one, particular Thomas, ever indicate I am a prude, ever again.

I suppose I can see now how people from other countries percieve Americans as backwards and repressed.

My apologies to the world.

Anyway....A womans breasts, although undeniable sexy, are not sex organs, no more than a man's chest is. Regardless of what some people say as far as what an entire culture believes, a womans breasts have the purpose of feeding small humans.

In fact, I personally feel the choice of clothing a person makes is generally much more provocative than if they just went naked in the first place. A partially dressed human is tons more erotic than a completely naked one.
 
 
Two girls try to get attention on a beach and you all take up their cause like it was some sort of right they are being denied.

lmao!

I don't want my son titillated (pun intended) in public by Pamela Anderson wannabes, nor do I want him freaked out in public by old saggy naked grandmother boobs..... nor do I want him to see his friend Josh's mom topless at the community pool.

Yeah, call me prudish.  

And if you want to go as far as nude beaches, I don't want some guy (young or old) dangling his dick in front my face while I'm sipping a frozen margarita and trying to watch the waves.
Although, if he's good-looking and hung well, I'll consider letting him do it in private.
 
 
Maybe a woman's breasts aren't sex organs to others, but mine are to me.

On exposure, I take these questions as matters of context. Dag's description of a gathering swimming et all sounded nice to me. I'm sure I'd get used to european (etc) beaches quickly.

If I saw those swimdancer folks in the olympics bobbing about sans suits, I'd split a gut laughing. Well, for me that sport is pretty hilarious anyway, though I gather it takes some ability to carry it off...

Re scenes on tv, I'm much more annoyed by gratuitous violence than gratuitous sex. My gripe re the sex would be... when it is shown in unexpected context. There was an argument here on a2k about commercials a while back. If, on the other hand, it is shown all the time, that's another context.

And I'm one of the few people on earth than didn't like the superbowl boob shot, not because I thought it was awful, but that puritan USA wasn't expecting it on their tv at that hour, thus some fraction of the population who had children so protected that they might be shocked didn't know to not watch. It's ironic in the context (well, probably in several contexts) that US football is a hell of a violent sport. Talk about gratuitous... and I'm a hypocrite, since I like football (Futbol and Football, not to compare the two).

The teenage tittering and tit follies will always be with us; probably more so with us in the US, but not limited to here.
 
 
Thinking fondly of Fellini's Amarcord... and Malena, whoever wrote/directed that.
 
 
This thread is just absotively high-larious.

There is one absolutely obscene sight i've seen more than once on the boardwalk next to Lake Ontario. There's this middle age guy, flabby gut, flacid biceps, skinny legs, and an 80s big-hair disco hairdo, who walks repeatedly up and down the boardwalk, wearing only a pair of blue running shorts and a pair of running shoes, and stares intently at all the women. Never smiles, wears 70s wrap-around, mirror shades, has an embarrasingly scraggly moustache.

Most disgusting thing i've seen in a month of Sundays. That guy should not be allowed to go topless. In fact, he probably shouldn't be allowed out in public period, no matter how he were dressed.

That's the only obscene topless thing i've ever seen.
 
 
 
Thinking fondly of Fellini's Amarcord... and Malena, whoever wrote/directed that.
 

edit - Giuseppe Tornatore & Luciano Vincenzoni
 
 
Wait a minute. Breasts are not sex organs?, um... duh.

Somebody needs to tell to the folks over at Victoria's Secret because they seem to have spent an inordinate amount of time and effort promoting that idea.

Not only that but more than several of the females I have known have utilized their breasts for purposes other than feeding infants.

Joe(Hey, don't aim those 38's at me!)Nation
 
 
 
Two girls try to get attention on a beach and you all take up their cause like it was some sort of right they are being denied.

lmao!

I don't want my son titillated (pun intended) in public by Pamela Anderson wannabes, nor do I want him freaked out in public by old saggy naked grandmother boobs..... nor do I want him to see his friend Josh's mom topless at the community pool.

Yeah, call me prudish.  

And if you want to go as far as nude beaches, I don't want some guy (young or old) dangling his dick in front my face while I'm sipping a frozen margarita and trying to watch the waves.
Although, if he's good-looking and hung well, I'll consider letting him do it in private.
 

Happy Cat....you have a dirty mind.

I don't know that these 2 girls where trying to get attention, and you don't either. You may say you know that, but that's just because you'd like you think they have their mind in the gutter, like you.

That's why you say you think people who are saying otherwise about this are lying, because you think others have some perverse view of the human body.

On nude beaches, and clothing optional places, men do not "dangle their dicks in your face" If they did, that would be cause for complaint. Not wearing clothes not not equate to sexual advances.

God, you make it sound so nasty and dirty, it's embarrassing.
 
 
If I'm the only one for whom the female breasts are a sex organ, I need to hurry up and clone myself, get that dna code into replication.

Reminds me of the most traditional catholic church, sex being only for procreation. Dreary days.

Otherwise, I too see happycat's views as on the tense side, but that is her perogative (except for calling others liars, but, hey, that was in a moment of hyperbole.)
 
 
osso, I definately see womens breasts are being sexy, but, you do not need breast to have sex or reproduce.

Breasts are not necessary for sex, or reproduction, period.

Alluring? Sure. Sexual? Yes....but they are not a primary sex organ....just taking a quick look, they are considered secondary sex organ, or more acurately I think, a secondary sex characteristic, the same as the broadening of the pelvis, or the generally higher voice of a female.

What I feel happy cat is implying is that if some are not alarmed at the sight of a breast, it means we are "siding with" these particular women, or at the very least, the concept that we are all going to hell in a handbasket. As with many other things, she sees the world in black or white.

I think we can all see situation where nudity, or partial nudity is not desirable, but I dont' think 2 girls sitting around a pool, where they were surprised they couldn't take their tops off, was one of them.

If they were surprised, they they might ususally go to a pool or lake where it's ok to do this.

From what I understand, Barton Springs here allows topless sunbathing, I don't know for sure, because even though it's only a mile by foot from my house, I don't go there in the summer months. I'm a Fall and Winter person.

I don't know if any women take advantage of this, but if it some did, I doubt it would cause a riot.
 
 
plus, we have ceased talking about those two specific girls long ago and moved on to broader if related subjects.

osso, i am also far more appalled by gratuitous violence in movies, i also view it as far more 'dangerous'.

francis, i do think nudity (or showing more skin) is increasing around us. not only in the West. India has changed tremendously in the last ten years when it comes to fashion (OK, in cities), so did China. Islamic world is naturally far from nudity, but it has not been untouched either, just as most places have been.
 
 
Well, I for one would pay to see osso's breasts, with or without boards supporting them.

And that's not meant sexually.

 
 
 
 
Two girls try to get attention on a beach and you all take up their cause like it was some sort of right they are being denied.

lmao!
 

whether you take civil liberties seriously or not, that really is exactly what they're being denied.

breasts + state mandated covering = fascism. it's just fascism that fits your prudishness, so it's OK.
 
 
Let's just say that I acknowledge pleasure for whatever females manage to retain their boobs over the years, and perhaps for those who don't, re memory. Memory is good as well.

Female nipples are exquisite, given circumstances, whatsomever the acknowledgement.

I don't know as much about male nipples, myself, though I know a bit.

I don't get it - that our anatomy has sexual propensity, does it mean we never show it?
 
 
Hey, even now I don't need board support, or much. There's hope for all of you...

But tilting titties aren't the heart of sexual life either. Not for me to explain all this.
 
 
In Victorian times people had covers made for table legs because "legs" were obcene. The flash of a ladies ankle was cause for gossip.

Boobs on show are just another body part. I'm guessing it would become like a Vag for a gynocologist - just another body part if they were on show all the time. We have created a culture where a woman exposing her breasts is obviously being sexual, or giving sexual signals.

If i was on a beach with my kids and some granny or bouncing 22 year old had her tits out, it wouldn't phase me at all or hopefully my kids, they're just another body part, Like a tummy or ankles.

If good healthy rumpy pumpy comes up in a movie or tv program its a part of most healthy relationships, why would i be embarrassed? I have no problem with my kids seeing me give mums bum a squeeze or my hand in her shirt for tummy rub. yep they do the "eeeewwwwww old people doing" or "   They're at it again" as if teenagers invented sex. They also see there is a right time and place. They see the love, care and respect that is attendant to a healthy relationship and that sex (kissing, touching) is part of that. No we dont go the grope or get nekkid in front of our kids, thats a private thing for just us to share.

I do see the need to respect other peoples attitudes to bodies sex and sexuality even if I think they're wrong.

So hearkening back to the original question of the 2 girls at the swimming pool. I personally see nothing wrong with women being topless however these girls should have some respect for those that don't have that attitude. I also see the only way to change peoples attitudes is to push the boundaries in a way that will inevitably confront some people.

Happycat I think your embarrassment fosters a culture of giggling teenage boys (and girls) but i respect your attitude.

I'm a bit concerned about mames interest in ossos boobs though. I'd watch her if i was you osso.
 
 
" SWEET JESUS! beth! check out the legs on that one!"

"very nice dear, but i think it's too big to fit in the kitchen..."
 
 
 
Hey, even now I don't need board support, or much. There's hope for all of you....
 

LOL... well hey, you need THIS board's support, dontcha?

You make me laugh, osso.
 
 
 
 
Why do they put brown paper covers on magazines such as Playboy and Maxim, and restrict the buying age?

 

I have no idea why they do it where you are.

They don't do it here, or anyplace I've travelled in the U.S.
 

I think they put them in clear plastic bags here. Not so folks can't see them.... just that they pay for the privilege of looking at them.

Do you have a street for the flutists?

:wink:
 
 
Mame doesn't worry me...
 
 
Ohhhh how I would love to go topless all the time

but damn those rug burns
 
 
walking around with nekkid bits exposed can have detrimental consequences though:

 
 

St. Alban Observer.
 
 
 
Ohhhh how I would love to go topless all the time

but damn those rug burns
 

I only have hardwood floors, so in my case it'd be splinters.

youch.
 
 
"Throw Pillows can be Useful as Well As Decorative"

Joe(Title of Real Simple Magazine Feature)Nation
 
 
throwing pillows can also be useful sometimes.
 
 
I think they should cover their boobs or else they would shrink, sucked by the sunlight.
 
 
Let them out, they bloom in the sunlight!
 
 
@Joe Nation,

Best there were no pictures. I facebooked their names. Not good.
 
 
@happycat,

Wow 2007 NE USA babe sez we cover. The issue is 2 presumably women, nubile chickadees in Uppsala.
Why NOT? Perverts galore looking in... or Society saying... just saying cover up, the way nice ladies do.
2011 update; nudity still NOT okay in Uppsala. Wait for the next millenia for 'sexual & secular freedom, gals' freedom is for guys breasts ONLY, don't ya know...
 
 
