 
 
Soccer wars
 
 
Olympic soccer qualifying tournament (also European U21 championship) started today in Germany...
First game - Serbia vs. Croatia
Well, that was pleasant experience...

Serbian supporters chanting:
"Ubi, zakolji, da Hrvat ne postoji!" (Kill, slaughter, exterminate Croats)

Croatian supporters chanting:
"Ubij, ubij, ubij Srbina!" (Kill, kill, kill a Serb)

Serbs:
"Ovcara, Skabrnja" (Ovcara - part of Vukovar, where Serbs slaughtered croatian civilians mainly taken from hospital, Skabrnja - croatian village in which entire population was slaughtered by Serbs)

Croats:
"Jasenovac, Jasenovac" (nazi camp in WW2 where many Serbs are killed)

Now, these are just worst examples, but what is going on with soccer? Why this sport attracts the biggest hooligans and idiots on planet? Serbs and Croats, unfortunately, are not exception. German fans almost killed french policeman on WC98 (and they were well known for chanting "Sieg Heil" when playing against eastern european teams during communistic era), British hooligans whenever they go to other country spend nice afternoon with beating everyone on their way, Slovakia was suspended for a game after all stadium was imitating monkeys when black english players were with a ball on Slovakia-England game...killings on Galatasaray-Leeds (Turkey vs England) game are known worldwide...

It really makes me sick. I was waiting for that game for days...biggest rivals, important game...and then idiots on both sides makes it simply discusting...

For sport fanatics - game was great, Serbia won 3-2, although tie would be most fair result cause both teams played really good....
 
 
Re: Soccer wars

 
...killings on Galatasaray-Leeds (Turkey vs England) game are known worldwide...
 

Not really. On the Neverending Word Association Game thread, some one wrote "Leeds", my inmediate thought was "Galatasaray", I posted it and it left every one dumbfounded. I had to provide a link and a lengthy explanation.

I think it was a Brazilian sociologist who wrote that some people want so much a victory for their soccer team on Sunday, to make up for all the grim frustration of their lives during the rest of the week.
 
 
well, yeah, you are right - I should write Galatasaray-Leeds is known worldwide except in USA.
No offense, it's matter of interests - when in "A to Z" game I started "worldwide famous athletes" many Americans mentioned people that almost nobody outside of USA or Canada ever heard of. Some old hockey goalies and stuff.
 
 
Reminds me on the war fought by El Salvador and Honduras in 1969.
(This conflict broke out shortly after the two nations had played three bitterly contested matches in the World Cup competition, but the real causes for the war lay elsewhere.)

 LINK 
 
 
yeah, thought about it later as well...although, as you said, real reasons lay elsewhere...

fbaezer - I completely understand what you mean by quoting this brazilian sociologist. And I can fully understand passion, emotions, everything connected with soccer, except hate. I was actually and really, fully sad when Mexico beat Croatia in WC2002. But I had no desire to find some Mexicans to beat them or to throw stones on them....
 
 
After having had some online reading: is sex a war too? :wink:

 
Sex OK, but don't get hurt
May 28, 2004

Croatia's Euro 2004 players will be allowed to see their wives and girlfriends after each Euro 2004 match in Portugal, but should refrain from any "acrobatic sex" in order to avoid possible injuries, the squad's doctor said yesterday.

"I am aware that 'normality' will not put anyone in jeopardy.

The most important thing is that it does not involve any 'excessive sex'," Zoran Bahtijarevic told local media.

Asked to define "excessive", Bahtijarevic replied "acrobatic sex" without elaborating.

Coach Otto Baric wants to minimise the risk of injuries, he explained.

Croatia finished third at France '98, but failed to qualify for Euro 2000. In Portugal Croatia will play in Group B alongside France, England and Switzerland. - Sapa-AFP
 
 
 
You forgot: Brazilian fans.

I once got off of a bus in front of Morumbi stadium in Brazil where a São Paulo game was being played. I was dressed from head to toe in Corinthians gear and hadn't known there was a Mercosul game going on.

So I walked through the plaza full of drum beating, flag waving fans and got many an evil eye.

When I got to the dark alley I ran into a large crowd of fans from the favela (shanty town) and they yelled "Look at that jacket! (it had their arch enemy logo)".

They came over and ripped it off of me after a brief fight. Thankfully they didn't notice that my pants also had the Corinthians logo.
 
 
Oh yes, Myownusername, I remember Mexico-Croatia. It started at 1:30 a.m, Mexican time. We were at the bar, chanting: "Ubi, zakolji..." ummm, errr... wait, no!... Not such stuff.

At the pre-olympic tournament, Mexican fans chanted: "Osama! Osama!" at the game against the USA. Just to make the gringos angry.
Indeed one Republican Senator wanted the US Department of State to make an official complain.

I remember other chants: "Lin-nek-ker Ex-o-cet!", yelled the English in their '86 game against Argentina. The Exocets were the British missiles launched against Argentinian ships in the Malvinas-Falklands War of '82.

Craven:

Local rivalry is often more prevalent than international xenophobia.
It is, at least, my case.
I don't care about the supporters of the Turks, the Argentinians, the Germans, the Chinese or the American gringos, but I dislike Americanistas (the followers of Club América) so profoundly...
None of my close friends is Americanista. In my mind, Americanismo is a defect, a liability.
 
 
I understand, being a Palmeiras fan is a character defect.
 
 
Funny picture of a guy pissing on the Club América logo was only alllowed for a short while by Angelfire.
 
 
I think many soccer fans as well don't understand the rules. They don't truly understand offside, and they don't get that touch posession rarely is an advantage for the team taking the throw in. Plus, the rules as defined by FIFA are rarely enforced, or should I say, are arbitrarily enforced. If the rules were applied as they are written, yellow and red cards would be flying around the field.
 
 
Plus Americanistas are sore losers, as the (very scared) players of Brazil's Sao Caetano found out:

 

cjhsa is right about the enforcement of the rules, the criteria of the referees varies a lot, and this breeds anger in the fans (not that fans don't know the rules, but they often bend their eyesight to favor their team).

BTW cjhsa, I hope at least one of your daughters makes the US team for the Olympics in 2012. They seem to be quite able in football.
 
 
cjhsa, another question. Have you heard of any mini "soccer war" amongst parents in children football?
 
 
My younger daughter is the stronger of the two, and more interested in the sport. I don't have any sense that she will be good enough to go that far, but you never know. That is up to her.

By the time 2012 rolls around she'll be 19, and hopefully I'm still around to watch her play.  
 
 
Have I heard of it? Yes, and to some extent seen it (or felt the eyes in the back of my head - I'm a ref). An experienced ref instructor told me about a full on fight between rival parents that included players. His advice - try to protect the players but don't touch anyone, at least on purpose. Use a sharp blast of the whistle close to their ear to get their attention.
 
 
 
So I walked through the plaza full of drum beating, flag waving fans and got many an evil eye.

When I got to the dark alley I ran into a large crowd of fans from the favela (shanty town) and they yelled "Look at that jacket! (it had their arch enemy logo)".

They came over and ripped it off of me after a brief fight. Thankfully they didn't notice that my pants also had the Corinthians logo.
 

You walked right through a plaza of "enemy" soccer supporters and was inflicted no physical harm whatsoever until you ended up in a dark alley?!

Brazilian fans really are benevolent softies... :wink:
 
 
From my experience as soccer dad, it gets worse with age, like the equivalent of the varsity-high school teams, because there is often some ideological, religious or class distintion among teams (or racial, in the US) and some parents aren't taught to behave.

In the league my sons used to play in, refs can actually show a red card to a parent, and expell him/her (well, it's always a him) from the premises for the duration of the game.
 
 
Yep, I can do that. Then the problem becomes, how do I get to my car after the game?
 
 
 
You walked right through a plaza of "enemy" soccer supporters and was inflicted no physical harm whatsoever until you ended up in a dark alley?!

Brazilian fans really are benevolent softies... :wink:
 

Well it was a Mercosul game, as a new league it was one of the "soft" games where more dads with kids go to the game because it will not be that crowded.

Got lots of dirtly looks going through the organized fan clubs but nothin happened till I met up with the favela crowd.
 
 
 
Oh yes, Myownusername, I remember Mexico-Croatia. It started at 1:30 a.m, Mexican time. We were at the bar, chanting: "Ubi, zakolji..." ummm, errr... wait, no!... Not such stuff.

At the pre-olympic tournament, Mexican fans chanted: "Osama! Osama!" at the game against the USA. Just to make the gringos angry.
Indeed one Republican Senator wanted the US Department of State to make an official complain.

I remember other chants: "Lin-nek-ker Ex-o-cet!", yelled the English in their '86 game against Argentina. The Exocets were the British missiles launched against Argentinian ships in the Malvinas-Falklands War of '82.
 

And in Holland, Ajax Amsterdam fans are greeted with "Jews! Jews! Jews!" chants.

Oddly, as I was noting just the other day on the WMYST thread (after I'd gone to see the celebration of my local FC's Cup victory), they've happily adopted the 'term of abuse' in pride themselves, in spite of there being nary a Jew among them - it's a postmodern world, soccer is:

 
Doesnt mean the FC (supporters) aint with the times, tho. [..] the FC's supporters have, very postmodern, long picked up their cues from their Italian counterparts (much like the previous generation picked up theirs from the British "hooligans") - and so the chants go "Forza Utrecht!" and "Champione, Champione!" (who said Europe wasn't getting united? ).

Oh, and "Kanker Joden en PSV" of course - "Cancer Jews and PSV", that is - the "Jews" being rival FC Ajax Amsterdam (PSV is just PSV).

(In another postmodern trick, the supporters of Ajax now proudly call themselves "Jews" too, actually waving Israeli flags during games and everything - even though there isn't, of course, a single Jew among them, post-WW2.)
 
 
 
It's funny how teams adopt the terms of abuse as nicknames.

The hated Palmeiras are "porco" and, well, now they chant it to their team and it's their mascot.
 
 
 
Yep, I can do that. Then the problem becomes, how do I get to my car after the game?
 

Oops! I never thought about that.

---

As for teams with self-derogatory nicknames, perhaps the most important one is Real Madrid, the "Meringues" (which had the original meaning of "Sissies").
 
 
Re: the Central-American "soccer war" Walter referenced -- it'd be interesting to compile instances in which soccer played a catalyst role in (political) conflict. I am sure I heard about another case in which it practically triggered a war, but I can't remember it.

I do remember - MOU, do you know more? - that fans of a certain Serbian soccer club played an important role in rallying nationalist fever and support for Seselj's SRS in 1990, 1991, ahead of the war. And that a turning point in Croatian politics came when supporters of a certain club that had played a pivotal role in whipping up war fever and support for Tudjman's HDZ and the radical HSP, started chanting anti -government slogans five, six years ago.

It was also at a soccer game, I believe I remember from a documentary, that a Polish young man set himself on fire in political protest after the 1980 clampdown. The game was broadcast live but the cameras were quickly turned away from the smoke, while the game continued, and the story was basically left forgotten/represssed until after '89. (I distinctly remember a similar story from Hungary, too).

But I'm getting off-topic.

What about a counter -example, though? Soccer as a "bridge" for transnational identification? Have you heard about the latest political drive of Thai Prime Minister (and millionaire) Thaksin?

Thaksin apparently is driving a nation-wide people's campaign to buy the British soccer team Liverpool FC. British football is hysterically popular in Thailand. In a genius bit of political self-promotion, Thaksin decided he would, instead of just try to buy the club with his own money, set up a national lottery of sorts, through which every Thai could contribte to the Thai people's campaign to collectively become owners of Liverpool FC. Apparently, its a great success and Liverpool owners and supporters are getting quite qeasy.
 
 
Same thing happened with our arch-enemy in College (American) Football, the National Politechnical Institute (IPN).
A donkey is the (universal?) symbol of stupidity and of bad students.

 
 
 
 
I am sure I heard about another case in which it practically triggered a war, but I can't remember it.
 

Perhaps you are thinking of the Honduras/Salvador Football War.
 
 
On youth games... last month a big scandal involved the youth game between Ajax and Feyenoord, the two main national rivals here.
Youth games normally dont attract all that much public, and definitely no masses of hooligans. So security measures were minimal. But this time there were a lot of supporters.

At the end of the game, when one team lost, the supporters of the other team raged onto the actual field and started kicking and beating the team. They literally had to run towards the players' tunnel, but several didnt make it. One was slammed with his head against a concrete wall and was dangerously hurt...

Crazy stuff...
 
 
 
 
I am sure I heard about another case in which it practically triggered a war, but I can't remember it.
 

Perhaps you are thinking of the Honduras/Salvador Football War.
 

No, that was the one Walter already mentioned
 
 
Ah, I hadn't seen that. I don't recall any others that actually got pinned on a game (though there might have been influencing factors from games).
 
 
This is the fastest soccer thread in the history of A2K.

Now, getting into nimh's terrain, wasn't Steua Bucuresti the team of the Ceaucescu family. They say no referee would dare make a mistake against Steua.

There' have been other regime's teams: Juventus, for Fascist Italy; Real Madrid, for Franco's Spain...
 
 
 
This is the fastest soccer thread in the history of A2K.

Now, getting into nimh's terrain, wasn't Steua Bucuresti the team of the Ceaucescu family. They say no referee would dare make a mistake against Steua.

There' have been other regime's teams: Juventus, for Fascist Italy; Real Madrid, for Franco's Spain...
 

One of the Moscow team's was the KGB's... but another was the Party's, I believe, so the referees must have been a bit nervous about games between 'em :wink:

One of Budapest's teams was also hated for being associated with either the secret service or the Party apparatus. Probably one in every communist country, eh?
 
 
Fat moving-thread indeed! LOL

 
It's funny how teams adopt the terms of abuse as nicknames.
 

We have word for that in Dutch: "geuzennaam". Was actually surprised not to find an English-language equivalent in the dictionary.

Its cause the first Dutch freedom-fighters (or whatever), back in the xth century, were pejoratively called "geuzen" by their enemies - and then adopted the name in pride.
 
 
About the Soccer War of 1969.

The official pretext of the war was boundaries. The true pushing force behind it were interest groups in both Honduras and El Salvador, trying to abort the creation of the Central American Common Market. Football World Cup qualyfiers were used by the media and the government, in both sides, to exploitate popular anger. [Both countries are small and poor and used to losing in sports; their fans retort to every possible scheme to make visiting teams unconfortable].

The war lasted 100 hours, a truce came and war officially ended as a definition of boundaries was determined by an International Court in 1992. Honduras won 2/3 of the claimed territory. They say 5,000 people died. I believe the sum is wildly exaggerated.

The defining game was won by El Salvador, and their team came to the '70 World Cup, only to be whipped by the Belgium, Mexico and USSR.

The last day of the Soccer War was the same day Neil Armstrong landed on the moon.
 
 
 
I do remember - MOU, do you know more? - that fans of a certain Serbian soccer club played an important role in rallying nationalist fever and support for Seselj's SRS in 1990, 1991, ahead of the war.
 

Confused Seselj with Arkan (of "Arkan's Tigers", the murderous gang that wrecked havoc in Bosnia etc), who "had been the leader of Delije, the official fan club of Belgrade's Red Star soccer team".

Found that in an article that seems to suggest lots of crosslinks:  The Banality of "Ethnic War" . Also notes that the Rwandan Hutus' Interahamwe "had its genesis in soccer fan clubs" too.

Interesting nexus, war and soccer. There's stories of heroism, too, such as  this Ukrainian one  about the war-time Dynamo Kiev team - shot collectively after winning one game against the Germans too much.

(There's also the famous one about the - I'm guessing from memory, Saddam-era Iraqi? - national team, whose players were brought to prison and tortured every time they lost a game.)

This month's  Kurd-Arab riots in Syria  were first sparked off during a soccer game, too, apparently. (Found another news story on that  here , which confused me for a moment because in the first paragraph it says "in Northern Iraq" when the rest of it is about Syria).
 
 
 
Its cause the first Dutch freedom-fighters (or whatever), back in the xth century, were pejoratively called "geuzen" by their enemies - and then adopted the name in pride.
 

In 1566 some nobles presented a petition requesting relaxation of edicts and ordinances against Calvinists and other Protestants. These petitors became being nicknamed GEUZEN (beggars), a name the Dutch rebels soon afterward bore with honour. [Actually, during the audience in Margaret's palace in Brussels, one of her advisers refered, in French, to the Dutch nobles as 'gueux': beggars.]
 
 
See? Only one thing that could bring Craven, Walter, fbaezer and me together in a thread: soccer! ;-)
 
 
Apropos Dutch history: we should start a war to regain the (1830) borders of the German Federation: thus, the Dutchy of Limburg would be German - and Aachen (Aken, Aix-la-Chapelle) could easily play their forthcoming UEFA-matches in Kerkrade :wink:
 
 
Oh you can have Limburg!

Teams playing there lousy anyway ;-)

(just kidding... Roda JC used to be one of my favourite clubs. Pity its never going anywhere...)
 
 
nimh, yeah you are mostly right. Supporters of Red Star Belgrade were actually lead by Arkan, notorius war criminal that was later killed in street shooting in Belgrade (mob shooting) and world was shocked by pictures of his "soldiers" kicking body of dead Muslim woman in Bijeljina, Bosnia.
In ex-Yugoslavia there was term "Big Four", refering to soccer teams Red Star and Partizan from Belgrade, Serbia, and Dinamo Zagreb and Hajduk Split from Croatia. All four teams had many supporters and strong hooligan groups, however, Partizan and Hajduk had "just" hooligans, without nationalistic prefix.
Supporters of Dinamo were chanting for HDZ and Tudjman before first elections, but they are best known for their behaviour on friendly game Yugoslavia-Holland before WC90, played in Zagreb. Although Dinamo was excellent this season not a single player was called to national squad so on that game they came in thousands, maybe 10,000 of them and they loudly supported Holland and verbally attacking yugoslavian players. Funny part is that their main symbol were orange jackets and that croatian flags back then were similar to dutch (they cut off the red stars /all yugoslav republics had to have red star on flag) so they looked exactly as dutch flags) and it was actually funny to hear dutch players after the game
"We had no idea that there are so much Dutch tourists in Yugoslavia", "We are happy that our fans turned out in such big number, but we apologize for their whistling to yugoslavian anthem", etc...  

As for other yugoslav hooligans, in late 80's it was almost like in South America, all teams had hooligan groups - one of the smallest groups was United Force, supporters of Rad Belgrade - they are serbian skinheds and nazis and they were fighting everyone including other teams from Belgrade (because of their communist names - Red Star and Partizan) and after one game they beat Roma kid (14 years old I think) to death.
In Croatia worst city was Vinkovci. They almost haven't had real supporters group but whoever came to Vinkovci all city was after them. Croats, Serbs, Bosnians, doesn't matter...hooligans, policemen, "average" citizens, everybody was beating supporters of guest team.
 
 
Today, whenever Serbs and Croats meet you know it's going to be trouble. But, fact is that despite war there is no hate between those two nations as someone would expect - someone from other countries. Serbian bands frequently play in Croatia, Croatian bands in Serbia, Serbs are coming to Adriatic during summer, theatres are working together, even on lower level sports it's almost friendly competitions today - for example, my town was under serbian rockets for four years...now every summer in Interleague our local team plays baseball against Belgrade and stadium is packed but no insults, no attacks, nothing...we even have fun together...

But when it's soccer or basketball, or some important game in other sport, that's terrible...
Lately, poor Slovenes were in trouble   First they were hosts on final four of basketball Goodyear League (teams from Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, Bosnia and Maccabi Tel Aviv), and in semifinals Zadar, Croatia played against Red Star, Serbia. Serbian fans almost burned entire hall, they destroyed everything.
Few months later Croatia and Serbia played final game of European waterpolo championship, and this time Croats made mess. I think there is not a single sit left on pool complex after that game.

As for others, I think you are not fair to poor Brazilians   They might be terrible, but i think noone can be compared with Argentinians. Their national championships was cancelled few times because of hooligans rioting and I think that their death toll is higher then in all world together.
 
 
 
Supporters of Dinamo were chanting for HDZ and Tudjman before first elections, but they are best known for their behaviour on friendly game Yugoslavia-Holland before WC90, played in Zagreb. Although Dinamo was excellent this season not a single player was called to national squad so on that game they came in thousands, maybe 10,000 of them and they loudly supported Holland and verbally attacking yugoslavian players. Funny part is that their main symbol were orange jackets and that croatian flags back then were similar to dutch (they cut off the red stars /all yugoslav republics had to have red star on flag) so they looked exactly as dutch flags) and it was actually funny to hear dutch players after the game
"We had no idea that there are so much Dutch tourists in Yugoslavia", "We are happy that our fans turned out in such big number, but we apologize for their whistling to yugoslavian anthem", etc...  
 

Funny story, I dont remember that! So did the Dinamo supporters see the fact none of their players was selected as a kind of national putdown against Croats?

Something like ten years ago, I lived in the students flats, three, four towrblocks opposite each other. When there were World or European Championships, all hell would break loose. The biggest party. Loud music (Andre Hazes singing about "Nederland, oh Nederland") boomed on speakers dragged outside, orange streamers and Dutch flags, and if "we" won, people shooting fireworks afterwards (at each other's towerblock, that is), attempt the same with the fire extuingishers, everybody wet and rolls of toilet paper thrown out as streamers, onto the trees below. Last time rental company warned everybody, either that they werent going to clean any TP up afterwareds, or that they were going to levy a fee about it. Heh.

Background: last world championships, something like 80-85% of all Dutch watched the teams' games - a higher proportion of viewers than for any other country except the Latin-American ones and, I think, Spain and Italy. Not nationalistic? Soccer time, and everything is reversed. Like with carnival.

Anyway, Story. One time, the Dutch were thrown out in one of the rounds (quarter finals?) - against Germany, even, I think (the greatest shame). So no more Dutch games. But - semi-finals, and Denmark was facing Germany. Guess what...

Same thing, all over! Everybody watched, shouting, whistling and all of the same scenes afterwards - because Denmark had won!

<grins>
 
 
well, 1990 was already pretty messed up. Slovenia and Croatia were planning to gain independence, Serbia was threataning with war in that case, so it can be said that it was in a way national protest. Although there were Croats in team, just not from Dinamo that was at the moment best croatian team - tying first place in national championship few rounds to go, with Red Star. Also, it was one event that caused it as well - few weeks before, Dinamo-Red Star game was cancelled after crowd riots. Part of problem was that police forces at that time were mainly Serbian, even in Croatia and other republics. So, when Red Star hooligans started riot on South stands on stadium, police was kinda too calm. When Dinamo hooligans fought back, police started to fight with them and one of policeman hit one Dinamo player on the field during riots (home players were on the field trying to persuade supporters to get back on the stands), and when this policeman hit one Dinamo player, Dinamo's captain, world famous Zvonimir Boban jumped on policeman and hit him, actually knock him down.
So, Boban was suspended by Yugoslav FA for a year...Davor Suker (later best scorer of World Cup) was at the moment best scorer of national championship but also wasn't called in national squad. So, that IS part of story.

But, fact is that it was not so much of national putdown. It was in a way, but on different level. National coach at the time was Bosnian Croat - and he was very very much leaned towards bosnian players (no matter if Croats, Serbs or Muslims, just that they play in Bosnia) - again probably not in nationalistic matter, he just prefered that style. But fact was that Croatia and Serbia had much better teams at the moment (Yugoslavia was at that moment world champion in U21 category, and most of the players were Croats, and on the other hand, Red Star Belgrade was excellent at the time, next year they became european club champions).

Few days later, Yugoslavia played another friendly against Spain - this time in Ljubljana, Slovenia. Slovenes are calm nation, so there were no riots, but it was about 2,000 spectators or even less, without any support. Funny enough, Yugoslavia never played better then in Italy'90, they lost in quarter-finals with Argentina in penalty shootout.

At season 1990/91 it was even worse. National championship was filled with riots. And all groups went crazy. Partizan supporters raped (!) one of Hajduk supporters in Belgrade...few weeks later all croatian hooligans joined slovenian hooligans in Ljubljana when Olimpija-Partizan game was held...on every game in Croatia yugoslavian federal flag was burned, In Sarajevo, Bosnia member of hooligan group called "Horde Zla" (Forces of Evil) that supported FK "Sarajevo" killed supporter of other team with knife before the game (strange, but I can't remember which team Sarajevo was playing) - it was just like in Argentina.

Season 1991/92 started without croatian and slovenian teams. Bosnian teams started championship but withdraw in second part.
And that was end.

Now they are killing each other - biggest fights are between Partizan and Red Star fans, since Red Star is still strong nationalistic group, even with some nazi elements, while Partizan is team that always had Albanians, Muslims, Croats, etc..in their squads. Partizan supporters are also nationalistic when their team plays against Croats or Bosnians, by the way.
In Croatia biggest fights are between Torcida (Hajduk Split) and Bad Blue Boys (Dinamo Zagreb). It's regional thing mostly - Hajduk is from Adriatic part - region Dalmatia, while Dinamo is from capital. Something like Barcelona-Real let's say.
In Bosnia, surprisingly, but not that much if we have in mind that someone already said that you hate the most team in your neighbourhood - biggest rivalry and biggest fights are between supporters of two Sarajevo teams - Sarajevo and Zeljeznicar. Although last two years they have joint league, so teams from Croat-Muslim federation and serbian Republika Srpska are playing in same division - still, everything is pretty okay except on Sarajevo-Zeljeznicar games.
 
 
I also understand part about all Netherlands supporting Denmark against Germany. I support everyone against Serbia as well (although it's more political matter, because I support some serbian individual players). Well, against almost everyone. On last World basketball championship many Croats were awake in 3 in the morning, supporting Serbs loudly against USA  
But it also differs in what part you are living. My town was always very mixed, and lot of Serbs live here. So, people see more clearly some things. We were under frequent serbian attacks for four years, so many people will say that they hate Serbia, everybody extremelly hates Serbs that left town and joined serbian forces, but nobody looks that way on Serbs that stayed in town - many of them fought for our town, they are just friends. So, people also don't hate Serbs except those that left. When NATO attacked Serbia group of teenagers attacked one albanian bakery in town chanting "Serbia, Serbia". I told you, you can't really understand Balkans   We can hate Serbs, it's our thing, but WTF Americans have to do with it?? Leave our Serbs alone  
 
 
 
Anyway, Story. One time, the Dutch were thrown out in one of the rounds (quarter finals?) - against Germany, even, I think (the greatest shame). So no more Dutch games. But - semi-finals, and Denmark was facing Germany. Guess what...

Same thing, all over! Everybody watched, shouting, whistling and all of the same scenes afterwards - because Denmark had won!

<grins>
 

"Schwule Holländer" is one of the rude German anti-Dutch "war chants".

I would never say such (but nimh is a klerebeer and klootzak for the "<grins>"! :wink: ).
 
 
looking from the other side - do your national teams have traditional friends? Like, other national teams they like more then other teams...for example, Croatian fans are always (except when playing with Croatia of course) supporting Ireland and Scotland, and majority supports Bosnia and Slovenia as well (although Slovenia-Croatia matches are always pretty rough). On WC98 Croatian fans (but those were mainly real fans, loud, but not hooligans) had great time with Jamaicans, but is there a normal person that wouldn't have great time with Jamaicans?  
 
 
Interesting stuff.

Baseball:
Perhaps baseball has something. In Mexico City, there were two teams, the Tigers and the Red Devils, every series they played was called "the civil war". Yet nothing at all happened at the stadium. Devils followers sat from home to first base and right field; Tigers followers, from home to third base and left field. No fights ever erupted. In fact if a big group of friends went to the game, some of them "tigristas" and some of them "diablistas", they would seat in the side of the majority.
Now the Tigers have left the city and I feel so lonely  
I've seen on TV that in the US cops enter and easily expell fans from the stadium. A fan grabs a catchable ball (and I'm not talking about the Cubs in the American Championship Series) a cop comes to get him, and he walks out like a sheep. This is unthinkable elsewhere, unless there is a riot going on.

Barras bravas:
I see, from MyOwnUsername's posts that the fame of Argentina's barras bravas has crossed the Atlantic. They have replaced the English Hooligans. The terrible thing about them is that most of them are financed by the teams themselves. Idiotic.
Mexico is still a place in which you can go watch a "classic" game with small children. The hated América Club organized it's "barra brava", but had to dismantle it after the riots against Brazil's Sao Caetano in the Libertadores Cup.

Partizan:
It may sound odd, but Partizan was a very popular team in Mexico, during the late 60s early 70s. The Yugoslavs came to play an "hexagonal" (usually, clubs from South America and Socialist European countries were invited to play against Mexicans), and they had a charismatic player, Hazanagic Mustafah. Once he missed a goal, jumped to the upper goal post and started to do push ups, until the wooden pole broke.
When I went to Belgrade in 1974, the Yugoslav friends (some Serbs, a few Croats, one Macedonian) asked us who were the popular Yugoslavs in Mexico. The answer was easy: Number 1 Hazanagic; Number 2 Milutinovic Bora. Ah, yes, and some people knew there was a Josip Broz, "Tito".

The Germans:

Germany plays everywhere the role of the sporting powerhouse. So, more often than not, the rest of the world wants to see the Teutonic Machine bite the dust (Croatia 3, Germany 0; in France, por example).
I remember seeing the final World Cup game of 1974 in a shabby hotel in Athens. Everyone, but the German tourists, was rooting for the Clockwork Orange. And I mean everyone, from the Greek clerks, to the Gambian students to the Swedish couple.
I root for Germany only if it faces a greater "evil": the US in most Olympic sports, Cuba in boxing, England in football... and, yes, I must admit, I like them to win when one of their players is on my Fantasy League team (Ballack game me some points in 2002  ... I may prefer the underdogs, but I don't mind winning   )
 
 
well then Mexicans at least share it fairly - one Croat (Tito), one Serb (Milutinovic) and one Muslim (Hasanagic) - Slovene and Macedonian would do good as well, but that's enough also  

You have the point with Germans. Some nations are "enemies" in sport and that doesn't have to do anything with real life. For example I never heard anyone in Croatia saying that he hates Italians, but everybody hates them on sports field - they always cry and whine and it sucks   Funny thing is that we always beat them in all possible sports. They never have beaten us in soccer, they never have beaten us in basketball, never or almost never in waterpolo - usually they end up in front of us in that sports, but we beat them always when we play each other.

I was always against Soviets when we talk about sports. I really hated all Soviet Union teams. Today I sometimes support Russia....
 
 
Traditional friends?

Mexico has a history of non-reciprocal love in Latin America.
Mexicans love Brazil. Brazilians don't care.
Mexicans love Costa Rica. "Ticos" see us as "The Colossus of the North" and love to see us loose.
Venezuelans love Mexicans. We don't care.
Argentinians wonder why don't we love them enough. They expected a wholehearted support in the 1986 final against Germany. They found a tepid audience.
We want the gringos to lose, unless they're playing baseball against Cuba... or soccer against Germany or England.
We generally prefer Latin Americans over Europeans. Blaack Africans are popular in soccer, too. Asians and Islamic countries, not so.
Of course, since we want England to lose in football, we sympathize with Scotland, Ireland and Wales.
We also like Spain and some "smaller" European countries.
 
 
Brazilians kinda like Mexico fbaezer, some people call them "primos".

They seem to think it's one of the more comparable cultures to them and because there is little regional conflict many Brazilians cheer for Mexico.
 
 
 
"Schwule Holländer" is one of the rude German anti-Dutch "war chants".`
 

Well, post-Fortuyn, the Dutch hooligans would probably pick up on that as a "geuzennaam"! :wink:

 
I would never say such (but nimh is a klerebeer and klootzak for the "<grins>"! :wink: ).
 

"klerebeer"??? <grins>
"klootzak" is quite 'heavy', btw - you dont wanna be saying that to anyone when you're in holland if you dont want to get in trouble!
 
 
it's understandable, fbaezer, that Mexicans prefer Latin Americans over Europeans. Strange is that Croats prefer Latin Americans over Europeans   When it comes to soccer at least. And Croats are not the only one.
I never heard anyone when we talk about World Cup mentioning "Gee, I hope Italia will win", or "I am totally for Germany", or stuff like that - most support Brazil, there is devoted group of Argentinian fans, and some, including me, support as you call them "Black Africans". But, it's good "name" actually, cause I support Cameroon and Nigeria, but not Tunisia or Morroco.

And Asians. Uh, I "hate" them when it's about soccer. I don't hate anyone in real life, and Asians are cool as far as I'm concerned. But in soccer. I would ban them   No Asians on World Cup. Period.   Okay, okay, I'm exagerrating, but I really never support them.
Arabs? Well, they are okay. They are so poor in soccer generally that I sometimes support them. How can you not support poor Saudis after 0-8 with Germany?  
 
 
Funny thing - I just came home from final game of night street soccer tournament in a street close to me. Funny thing is that Zvonimir Boban played in exhibition game (and Robert Prosinecki, those who watch soccer closely will know   and those that don't know who Boban is and they are on this topic can kill themselves immidiately   ). Weird thing is that this tournament is almost like street basketball tournaments in dangerous parts of american cities   Bad street lights, small wooden stands for some 800 people...bottles of beer everywhere...everybody drinking it of course...games played on concrete, tonight very wet concrete as well...
One friend said "Imagine that - guy played on San Siro three years ago and now he is playing here"  
 
 
I was talking today with my kids about our likes and dislikes for the Portugal Eurocup. May tell you something:

Older son: cheers for Croatia and Spain; wants England to lose badly.
Middle son: cheers for Czech Republic, Spain and Portugal; wants England and Germany to lose badly.
Young daughter: cheers for France, to small to want anybody to lose badly.
Myself: cheer for Italy (I know they are overhyped sore losers, but I lived there for several years), and perhaps Denmark or Latvia (depending on how they play), would love to see the English bite the dust, but doubt it.

Craven, we don't want Brazilians to "kinda like" us. We know they do. We want them to have
for our teams and athletes the unrequitted love we have for theirs.
 
 
 
looking from the other side - do your national teams have traditional friends? Like, other national teams they like more then other teams...
 

Not really, apart from that Denmark game, nothing passionate that is... well, everyone likes Brazil of course, their soccer is art. Plus theyve got cool shirts :wink:

We do tend to look kindly - well, tenderly that is, in this rather patronising way - onto the Belgian team. Unless, of course, they win against us, as happened last night.

(I must admit I hadnt been paying attention - no TV, you know - just that when I went to the Internet cafe to print something out, ten o'clock on a Saturday nite, the streets were deserted - even the traffic lights had been turned off! It was only when I arrived that I saw we were in our 92nd minute against Belgium...).

For the Belgians, however, winning against us is the single most gratifying experience in soccer - we are their Germans, you know.

But yeah, anyway - that you Balkanese support each other despite all the water under the bridge, we know - just look at this year's Eurovision Song Festival, gggrrrrr!  
 
 
 
I never heard anyone when we talk about World Cup mentioning "Gee, I hope Italia will win", or "I am totally for Germany", or stuff like that - most support Brazil, there is devoted group of Argentinian fans, and some, including me, support as you call them "Black Africans".
 

Same here, same here <smiles>. See the above about Brazilians. The Africans are even better, because they also play such pretty soccer - plus, they dont stand a chance (or didn't, anyway), so they're "safe" to support :wink:

 
I remember seeing the final World Cup game of 1974 in a shabby hotel in Athens. Everyone, but the German tourists, was rooting for the Clockwork Orange. And I mean everyone, from the Greek clerks, to the Gambian students to the Swedish couple.
 

Well, thats always nice to hear  

I was only 3 then, but the trauma of "1974" cannot be underestimated. I was just reading an interview today with a woman who works for the Goethe Institute here. She recounted how when she first came here she'd still naively, when talk was of soccer, mention some player from that game or something. And how even otherwise highly reasonable, articulate friends would at best freeze into this icy silence, fury burrowing their frows, asking her - without a hint of irony - to never bring up the issue again.

Never made up, either. Whenever the Dutch play Germany and they're winning, the Dutch supporters sing (in 'German', to annoy 'em): "Deutschland, Deutschland, Alles ist vorbei, alles ist vorbei". On the other hand, when the Dutch didnt get through to the final rounds the other time, a song called "We're going to the World Cup (Without the Dutch)" was a big pop hit in Germany, I believe.
 
 
 
Craven, we don't want Brazilians to "kinda like" us. We know they do. We want them to have
for our teams and athletes the unrequitted love we have for theirs.
 

Well, what's not to love about a Selecão Brasileira ? ;-)
 
 
We also love to play the Belgians.
Their press always minimizes us, only to cry later.
The one time we didn't beat them, we played with one less man, and overcame a 0-2 to a 2-2 tie.
(Now that I think about it, in the very same tournament we did the very same thing with the powerful Dutch team   )
But then came the Germans, aaaaach!
 
 
<smiling at fbaezer's list of "traditional friends">

I've noticed, travelling around Europe, that many on the continent look at the Dutch like we look at the Brazilians - as the guys who play such pretty soccer, the guys who should have won... goes with this sympathetic/patronising "sucks thats not how life works, eh" gesture :wink:

Cute "night street soccer tournament" story btw, MOU. Cool.

Interesting thing about "street soccer" is that its becoming a big thing in teen culture here now.

I mean, on the one hand the whole "just going outside to kick a ball" thing from when I was a kid just increasingly doesnt exist anymore - streets are too crowded, kids are not being left out alone anymore, random 'open' plots of grass in the city are all being built full ("city in-pansion", they call it). (White) kids have their gameboys. On the other hand, "official" soccer is ever less personal or spontaneous - all the money involved, all the foreign players, the boring, overstrategised games. So twas a question of time before the counter-reaction came. Its mostly fueled by the young black and Moroccan kids, who just want to stunt with the ball, you know? Fuck the trainer, the more tricks you can, the longer you can keep the ball, the better! So theres this whole scene of streetsoccer tournaments now, and some of the pro players come join in, "undercover", regularly as well. Cool.
 
 
nimh,

In Brazil there is also great respect for the Dutch team. More than for any other foreign country.
 
 
Ah, once again a lot to keep up with (at least in case that this phrase means what I think it does hehe)....

Nimh - Eurosong sucks. Well, first of all I hate most of the songs from Eurosong, and second, this televoting is really retarded thing. To be honest, one of maybe three (out of 36) songs this year I consider good was Dutch song - and nobody voted for it except Belgians  
And as of Balkans...ah, it's impossible to explane those relations. And it's even more impossible to understand them. I mean, Slovenia-Croatia relations are probably something like Netherlands-Belgium relations and it's kinda normal - same thing goes in all world. But, Croatia-Serbia...well, I don't know what to say  

Fbaezer - well, my greetings to your older son. However, you can give him my advise - unless he is old enough to feel and sympathize for losers, he should better find some other favourites on this EC  
Actually, I don't know...several times european sports media referred to our teams as "those crazy Croats" - I am quite pesimistic, but you really never know with us. We should beat Switzerland by all means, but it's quite doubtfull with us. But, IF, and that's big IF we beat them, then I am almost sure that we will go through - bye, bye England. Problem is that we will probably lose from Switzerland, then we will win against England, or something like that - just that it's not normal.

nimh - in Croatia lately very popular are cage-soccer tournaments, you know, like in that NIKE commercial. But, "street-soccer" or I should say "futsal" tournaments were always popular. Indoor tournaments during winter (in sports halls) have higher attendance then national championship, and during summer open-air tournaments are equally popular.
 
 
Myownusername, believe me, my son is old enough. At 23, I think he's almost as old as you.

He has this weakness for Croatia since he was 6, we lived in Italy, and vacationed at Losinj.
 
 
well then he's okay - at 23 he can support losers   And he certainly has tendency because there are no bigger losers in soccer but Spain   I also support Spain sometimes, they are certainly my favourite european team (except for Ireland, and, of course, Croatia).
 
 
too bad he probably doesn't even know what Team Handball is - it's attractive and cool sport and in it he could enjoy lot of croatian wins   we are current world champions, and olympic winners from Atlanta.

Well, North Americans mostly don't know what Team Handball is (I used to play it, and whenever I mention it people from USA think that I was banging ball against the wall   ), maybe Latin Americans do - after all, Croatia (once again, those "crazy Croats") on last world championship won against everyone except first game against Argentina /Argentina finished 15th or something/.

Btw, nice job in eliminating USA from Olympic baseball tournament   Although I am sorry that Roger Clemens will not pitch in Athens  
 
 
Not much handball on this side of the world, really. After football, the more spread team sports are baseball and basketball.
Do you know Greenland is considered a part of the Americas for some sports. I remeber once reading about a handball game between Mexico and Greenland in the Panamerican Championship.

 
Btw, nice job in eliminating USA from Olympic baseball tournament  
 

We only paved the way for the Cubans and Canadians to qualify  

Honestly, it's unfair that the Americas get only 2 baseball slots, Europe gets 3 and Africa gets 1.
Fairly, the Americas should get 4 slots, Asia + Oceania 2, and Europe + Africa: 2.
I know, they do it to promote the game, but it's still unfair.
 
 
Yeah I know about Greenland - they even played on one World Championship - I think that they came fourth, and Americas had three spots, and then someone withdraw (I think Uruguay)

I agree for baseball, although I am not sure that Europe has 3 spots...well, actually, while I am writing it I realized that it is three - since Greece as host is playing also.
If they want to promote game they can have 12 teams, and not 8...so Americas can have 4, Asia 3, Europe 3, Oceania 1 and Africa 1.
 
 
But to be honest, same thing is upseting me in basketball - Americas have way too much spots there. And european basketball is absolutely dominant, excluding USA. And on last world championship Europe had 5 teams, and Americas I think at least 6 (Brazil, Argentina, USA, Canada, Venezuela...I think that Uruguay was sixth team).
And, excluding USA and Argentina, there are at least 10 european countries that will beat other Americas teams in at least 9 of 10 games, if not in all 10....and even Argentina is very good only recently, so how exactly Americas deserved 6 spots is really something I can't understand.
 
 
Uruguay basket can beat no one, nowadays. It must have been Puerto Rico.

Only Brazil and USA have always been powerful in the continent. Years ago, Cuba, Venezuela and Mexico were strong. Now it's Argentina, Canada and Puerto Rico.

In basketball, you have the same thing as in soccer. It's China, Angola, Australia, America and Europe. The problem is, perhaps, too many spots for regions that have to be "conquered" by the game.

Of course, Croatia has to eliminate with Germany, Russia, Lithuania, Greece, Spain, Italy, Serbia-Montenegro... tough stuff.

[Mexico has had this strange ability lately: it wins some "hard" games (Argentina and Puerto Rico), starts winning other hard games (Brazil, USA), which we lose; and it also starts winning apparently simpler games (Canada, Venezuela), only to lose again   ]
 
 
of course it's Puerto Rico - they almost always play, how could I forget them.
And in croatian list you can add Turkey and France as well
 
 
I mean, I am not saying that Latin American basketball sucks, just that european generally is much stronger. Except USA and except Argentina on last WC I think that all other medals on all World championships were taken by european teams.
And we are once again crazy Croats when it comes for qualifying for WC. On EC'99 we were only team to beat Italy (that became european champion), only to be crushed by 35 points against Germany. On EC'01 we were leading against host Turkey 19 points with 12 minutes remaining in quarter final, only to lose in extra time.
And on EC'03 we lost 4 crucial games with 1-2 points, and 3 of them we were leading from first until last minute.
 
 
MyOwnUsername

Did I miss that post or did you already report somewhere about the U21-Euro-success of your national team? :wink:
 
 
grrrrr......  
But we can still go to Olympics, just wait  

They suck so much, they should have at least 4 points and they have 1 (they had to tie at least with Serbia and to beat Belarus, and two goals in last minutes, and...). But if we win against Italy tonight and Belarus-Serbia game does not end with tie, we are still alive  
 
 
 
Of course, since we want England to lose in football, we sympathize with Scotland, Ireland and Wales.
 

What have we ever done to you?!?    

As much as it pains me to clear this up, I have noticed that there has been several mentions here of British soccer hooligans. As far as fans travelling abroad to support the national teams go, Scotland, Wales, Rep. Ireland & N. Ireland are well behaved. It's only the English ones who start the riots.

There, I've admitted that my country's fans are hooligans!
 
 
you are actually quite right Grand Duke - it was not fair to say British, since only English ones are trouble makers  

About your other question, I don't know...England is big imperialist   so when it comes to sports and politics people generally dislike it. But, no bad feelings about English people generally - british music, british TV shows, british sitcoms...not to mention Monty Python as category for itself...well...England rules outside of politics  
 
 
but, on the other hand, you at least managed to stop hooligans inside England - most of the Europe (not to mention South America) still has to do the same.

And as of stories about who we support - ah, damn, Venezuela lost   ( And i was starting to hope that they will finally go to World Cup once in history  
 
 
I feel aggrieved that people (apart from the Scots) will support whoever they are playing against an wish us to lose, when we are (for our size as 3rd biggest country in EU) the worst football team in Europe! No-one needs to want us to do badly - we are quite capable of doing badly on our own!!!
 
 
 
No-one needs to want us to do badly - we are quite capable of doing badly on our own!!!
 

That's the beauty of it, Grand Duke.

Why England?
Because their tabloids always say they are superior.
Because the players act as if they were superior.
Because of Beckham ("10 warriors and one stupid kid", a very rich stupid kid who has done nothing and Nike puts him in the same league as Michael Jordan or Mohammed Ali, a very rich stupid kid who has a terrible year, both in sports and real life, and gets a worldwide endorsment by Gillette   ).
Because of the fake goal of '66 (you see, Walter, once in a while we'll be with the German side).
Because after Heysel I saw a chap with a T-shirt that read: "Liverpool 39 Juventus 1".
Because it was actually God's hand in '86.
 
 
 
Because it was actually God's hand in '86.
 

Indeed. It speaks volumes about the quality of British football, when the keeper can't even out-jump a coked-up Argentinian midget... :wink:

I agree with nearly all of your other points as well, except that Beckham can sometimes be really good. He's still an overpaid fool though.

Surely the British tabloids aren;t the only ones who believe that their national team should win games that they don't? I can't belive that the American press ever doubt that they have the best team in the world... :wink:

Who do you fancy to win, Fbaezer? I'm going for a France-Holland final, with France edging it. England will be lucky to qualify from the group stages...
 
 
I'm not too optimistic about Holland... they dont really have a "team" yet, its all still very aflux (or something).

Then again, there's this pattern... of Holland getting it together only at the last moment, for one. I think last two times we did really bad in the qualification rounds, that is: only just scraped in our qualification - and then only when the Championships started getting steam, did they start to perform. But there's also this pattern... of wanting to do it too beautiful, of thinking too highly of oneself, vain stars that just dont really want it enough. So I dunno about making it to the final... I doubt it.
 
 
 
Who do you fancy to win, Fbaezer? I'm going for a France-Holland final, with France edging it. England will be lucky to qualify from the group stages...
 

Since the teams are so similar in power, Eurocup is almost a tossed coin (didn't Denmark get invited in the last minute and win?).

I can say neither Latvia, nor Greece, nor Switzerland, nor Bulgaria, nor Russia shall win.

I believe England will do better than expected (perhaps due to lower expectations), but not enough to win the tournament.
I haver never thought too highly of France, even if I like the way the play.
Italy will be a hard bone to swallow, but their system hardly ever pays all the way to the final.
Portugal has a edge (and it's a generation's last chance), but -seems to me- lacks mentality.
Spain gets too desperate in the bad moments (another case of excessive media hype).
Croatia is going through a generation change. Was very good, will be very good. Just not the right moment.

So that would leave Germany, Netherlands, Czech Republik and the surprising (for good or bad) Scandinavians.

After writing that, and just to make everyone mad, I'd say the Czechs are going to win.
And Nedved is better than Beckham  
 
 
well, you will not make me mad with our slavic brothers   Czechs are great, but I doubt they will actually win. But they should go far.
I would say Latvia, Greece, Switzerland, Russia and Croatia will not win (well, Bulgaria will not win also, but if I will rephrase fbaezer I think they are on higher level in relation to Croatia at the momet). We sometimes went completely crazy like in France'98, but not this time. Maybe we will pass group if we manage to beat Switzerland. Then maybe we can send England home early - GD is right, lots of countries are supporting their teams too hard, but problem with England is that it really sucks as a team   And Eriksson really sucks as a coach - I don't know I haven't seen really good England game in this circle - including qualifying and friendlies - okay, maybe home game against Turkey was decent one.
Even Croatia had few really good games (Belgium 4:0 and in extra round of qualifiers 1:0 in Slovenia /and it should be 11:0/)

Holland...well, this time I disagree...I like them, sometimes even support them but nah...it is even possible that they will fail to reach quarter finals.

Scandinavians - they can always surprise, but I hope not, because if I hate something in soccer, then it's scandinavian kind - especially Norway, I hope citizens of Norway will all live good and healthy lives, having great time and winning 1.537 medals at Olympics, just that I don't have to see their soccer ever again.

Portugal can be great. In fact I see in them everything I saw in Croatia'98. Same situation, same quality (never before completely used), everything...they could be extremelly well.
Germany...no, I don't think this time - France'98 once again.

Spain...I would really like them to do something finally, but here I agree fbaezer - they're hopeless.

So, France-Italy as final?  
 
 
I am not sure if I pointed enough how much I hate norwegian soccer??  
 
 
 
if I hate something in soccer, then it's scandinavian kind - especially Norway, I hope citizens of Norway will all live good and healthy lives, having great time and winning 1.537 medals at Olympics, just that I don't have to see their soccer ever again.
 

<grins>
 
 
 
Indeed. It speaks volumes about the quality of British football, when the keeper can't even out-jump a coked-up Argentinian midget... :wink:
 

LOL!

 
I agree with nearly all of your other points as well, except that Beckham can sometimes be really good. He's still an overpaid fool though.
 

Beckham is weird, he can be a football god or just disappear....

 
Surely the British tabloids aren;t the only ones who believe that their national team should win games that they don't? I can't belive that the American press ever doubt that they have the best team in the world... :wink:
 

Americans don't really care about their football team. The English are, if I remember correctly, the only nation to boycott a world cup because they thought they were in a league of their own and shouldn't play with mere mortals.

That was really silly.
 
 
We are boycotting the Olympics this summer because, well, we suck. Signed, U.S. America
 
 
Germany's football team joined, btw, yesterday Croatia in boycotting the Olympic Games.
 
 
 
The English are, if I remember correctly, the only nation to boycott a world cup because they thought they were in a league of their own and shouldn't play with mere mortals.

That was really silly.
 

Just another reason to want them to keep on losing.

---

On an aside, the US also boycotted a World Football Cup, on the grounds that an American team would literally kill their opponents.
It was the World (American) Football Championship, held in Italy in the late 90's.
The final match was Japan against Mexico. They won.
Unlike the English, the Americans were right about boycotting this one.
 
 
 
Americans don't really care about their football team. The English are, if I remember correctly, the only nation to boycott a world cup because they thought they were in a league of their own and shouldn't play with mere mortals.

That was really silly.
 

Which year was that, Craven? It probably comes from the days of the Empire. Some us still think we're the best, despite all the evidence against. We have very little flair, and try to make for it with crunching tackles, which gets us loads of cards.

I've always wondered if England would have as many hooligan problems if we were the best in the world. They could concentrate on celebrating rather than fighting with riot police and throwing chairs through cafe windows.

 
Germany's football team joined, btw, yesterday Croatia in boycotting the Olympic Games.
 

I always thought that the nations with professional players never played at the Olympics? Which teams normally win the medals?
 
 
1. England really had boycotted World Cup for some time - I think all cups before WW2.

2. At Olympics, U23 teams play but they can have two older players - for example, if Italy qualifies (they are in semi-final at the moment, and three teams will go to Olympics) Roberto Baggio will play for them....
 
 
 
I always thought that the nations with professional players never played at the Olympics? Which teams normally win the medals?
 

Amateur olympic football is very old history. Perhaps up to the 50s, when East Bloc countries won everything.
A change was made, and every footballer that had not played in the World Cup final round could qualify. This gave an edge to countries that did not qualify to WC, but had tough qualifying rounds (East Bloc, again). GB had a problem, since it has 4 teams at FIFA, but only one at IOC. FIFA had a problem, since the tournament was too good and they didn't organize it.
Another change was made, and it is like MyOwnUsername says. This gives an edge to countries where kids mature faster (or can register births late in life). The last three Olympic finals were:
1992: Spain (gold), Poland (silver)
1996: Nigeria (gold), Argentina (silver)
2000: Cameroon -or Ghana- (gold), Brazil (silver), if I recall correctly.

This is the only one world football tournament Brazil has never won.
It won't win in 2004, either. It was eliminated by Paraguay.
 
 
correction:

2000: Cameroon (gold), Spain (silver).

Brazil has won silver twice. Lost the final against the Soviet Union in 1988, and against France in 1984.
 
 
 
 
Americans don't really care about their football team. The English are, if I remember correctly, the only nation to boycott a world cup because they thought they were in a league of their own and shouldn't play with mere mortals.

That was really silly.
 

Which year was that, Craven?
 

I believe it was the first world cup. My memory is saying around 1930's but my brain is telling me that my memory is a total jerk and not to trust him. <shrugs>
 
 
It was indeed in 1930, the very first world cup in Uruguay.

Besides other top teams, the European teams from England, Scotland, Italy, Holland, Switzerland, Sweden, Czechoslovakia, Spain, Germany, Austria, Hungary didn't enter the competition.

 I Campeonato del Mundo 
 
 
I think England boycotted 1934 and 1938 World Cup as well but I might be wrong.
 
 
Well, that wasnt too good now, was it... <grumbles>
 
 
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 

(Sorry Walter... hehhehhehheh   )
 
 
De weg naar de hel is geplaveid met goede voornemens. :wink:
 
 
Germany, all ist over. *laugh*

CZECHIA ; was already before also my favorite.
 
 
Hehhehhehhehhehhehhehhehhhehhehhehhehhheh

<still grinnning>

Outside, now, cars are driving past, hooting their horns, groups of people are going down the streets, singing, yelling...

and, on the topic of "soccer wars", they are of course not just yelling, "Holland! Holland!", but also the classic...

"Deutschland, Deutschland,
Alles ist vorbei, alles ist vorbei, alles ist vorbei!"

     
 
 
Talk about soccer and war!

The moment after I last posted here, I went to our national public broadcaster's news site. It had a report on the game up already. I'm just going to quote you the first paragraph: note the vocabulary!  

 
Netherlands - Latvia

The marching orders from the Little General [trainer Dick Advocaat, nimh] were short and clear: if his troops wanted to reach the quarter finals of the European Championships, then Latvia needed to be wiped off the map on the battlefield of Estadio Municipal. "Orange" did not dissapoint its embattled field marshal and watched how the Baltic cannon fodder, mainly thanks to the efforts of the lethal front soldier Ruud van Nistelrooy, had to hoist the white flag after 90 minutes: 3-0.
 

<stares>

<laughs out loud>

<shakes head>

The British tabloids couldnt have done a better job on that one, eh?
 
 
it's nice to see Dutch have good coach now. This Dick Advocaat sounds like good guy and journalists obviusly love him.
Great thing that you got rid of this jerk that was coaching your team against Czech Republic. Nobody liked that guy.  
 
 
LOL!

Yeh, after the game against the Czechs, bash-Advocaat became the national hobby... with much of the (mostly untranslatable) creativity centred around the instantly created website www theworstchangeever nl.

(cause of him changing Robben in that game...)

Sorry about the Croats, btw... bummer.
 
 
nah, we suck, didn't deserved better.
I just hope that we will go to Germany 2006 and that we will be in group with Germany and Turkey. Then poor Germans will not buy a single ticket and only Croats and Turks will be on stadiums  
 
 
USA beating Mexico resulted in every American in Juarez havin to run.
 
 
 
Threats show how football can be a matter of life and death
By Matthew Beard
01 July 2004

To some it was simply a strict but fair interpretation of the rule that allows referees to protect goalkeepers from aerial challenges. To others, carried away by the prospect of England coming within two victories of a first football tournament win in 38 years, it appears to have been a life-or-death decision.

The man at the centre of the controversy, the 45-year-old Swiss referee Urs Meier, revealed yesterday the full extent of a week-long onslaught after being made scapegoat for the national team's deficiencies.

Mr Meier, whose services were not required for the Euro 2004 semi-finals, broke his silence to reveal he had received telephone and e-mail death threats that were taken seriously enough for the police to offer him protection.

Asked in an interview on BBC Radio 4's PM if he had received death threats, he said: "Fans have made mail and the phone calls and so on..."

After a week in which he has received the sort of press normally reserved for serial killers, Mr Meier blamed sections of the media for "overheating" fans in a "dangerous" way. The morning after the match, Mr Meier woke up to find himself being lambasted with headlines such as "Reffing hell" and "Robbed by a reffin' half-wit". Details of an alleged extra-marital affair with a female referee soon followed and The Sun carpeted a playing field next to Mr Meier's shop with a giant flag of St George. His personal website - used to promote his refereeing and his business in household appliances - crashed under the weight of vitriol.

He said: "I feel very sad about this reaction of the tabloid press, especially after a right decision. A reaction like this after a football game is never the right way."

Asked to comment on the suggestion that some of the English press would see their criticism as a harmless joke, he replied: "To me it's not a joke. A lot of English supporters and fans they are heated over and it's really dangerous."

In the recent history of footballing hate figures, Mr Meier now rates alongside David Beckham, who was strung up in effigy after his sending-off during England's 1998 World Cup exit and Sol Campbell, who received death threats when he moved from Spurs to their north London rivals Arsenal.

It was Campbell who was denied a 90th-minute headed "goal" that would have given England a 2-1 victory over hosts Portugal in front of 65,000 fans at Lisbon's Estadio da Luz last Wednesday. The decision not to allow the goal forced the game into 30 minutes extra-time followed by an agonising defeat for England on penalties.

Mr Meier, rated the third best referee in the world before the tournament started, insisted that the infringement on Portugal's goalkeeper, Ricardo, was by both John Terry and Campbell. Speaking from Switzerland, he said: "The whole world was seeing this decision was correct. It was foul play from Campbell. It was foul play from Terry... It was clearly foul play."

Yesterday's interview forms part of a public relations counter-attack by Mr Meier, who has been hardened in the past by similar opprobrium from the Romanians who blamed him for playing too much extra time in a crucial Euro 2004 qualifying match.

Today he will give an interview to the Swiss radio station, Radio Energy, which has swung public opinion his way at home. Swiss newspapers and radio stations have joined in a counter-attack against Mr Meier's chief tormentor, The Sun.

The campaign was started by Radio Energy, which urged listeners to bombard the paper with complaints and broadcast its telephone number. Roman Kilchsperger, a DJ, said: "I didn't know there were so many England-haters here. Many write in with things like "Fuck the teapot" and "Roman. Stick it to them.".

Mr Kilchsperger, acknowledged the career benefits to demonising The Sun but insisted he was a fan of the English. "I like them. I even supported them in Euro 2004," he said.

Towards the end of the interview, it appeared that Mr Meier was offering some appeasement to his English critics over the penalty shoot-out by admitting that the penalty spot that David Beckham appeared to blame after shooting high over the bar was "not good".
 
 Source 
 
 
Here's  the link to the Sun-article 

 Radio Energy Zürich 
 
 
 
[..] in Holland, Ajax Amsterdam fans are greeted with "Jews! Jews! Jews!" chants.

Oddly, as I was noting just the other day on the WMYST thread (after I'd gone to see the celebration of my local FC's Cup victory), they've happily adopted the 'term of abuse' in pride themselves, in spite of there being nary a Jew among them - it's a postmodern world, soccer is:

 
[The FC Utrecht supporters'] chants go "Forza Utrecht!" and "Champione, Champione!" (who said Europe wasn't getting united? ).

Oh, and "Kanker Joden en PSV" of course - "Cancer Jews and PSV", that is - the "Jews" being rival FC Ajax Amsterdam (PSV is just PSV).

(In another postmodern trick, the supporters of Ajax now proudly call themselves "Jews" too, actually waving Israeli flags during games and everything - even though there isn't, of course, a single Jew among them, post-WW2.)
 

 

I found the whole story of Ajax supporters being called "Jews" and then starting to call themselves Jews, waving Israeli flags on the stands at games and even (ack) taking david star tattoos as sign of their club love, recounted in  this fascinating, ignored post on Israpundit . It also covers how this is received by the Dutch Jewish community (abhorred) and by Israelis (amused).
 
 
spreading the word....sport brings people together...and other happy things...

 
About a dozen shots were fired at the Serbian National Centre at Bonnyrigg in south-western Sydney in the early hours of this morning and a car was firebombed in the carpark of the King Tomislav Croatian Club in Edensor Park.

The attacks follow a riot on Sunday at a soccer match between fans of the Croatian-backed Sydney United and the Serbian-backed Bonnyrigg White Eagles.

New South Wales Police Minister Carl Scully, who lives about 200m from the King Tomislav Club, today said he was appalled by the violence.

"I think the vast bulk of Australians would say there is absolutely no place in our streets or on our soccer fields for living out those ancient tribal tensions," he said.

"We of course will do whatever is necessary to weed out the social and political misfits which have brought our game to where it is today," Mr Doumanis said.

Mr Scully said there had been very little racial tension between Croatians and Serbs in his local community since the early 1990s.

But tensions had come to the surface when the two clubs played each other on Sunday for the first time in 22 years, he said.

"It has been a very, very long time since any tensions have simmered between these communities," he said.
 

 MoreAboutIdiots 
 
 
Amazing.

Oh and "ancient tribal tensions" is a good one. I'm gonna use that one next time the FC The Hague supporters kick somebody's ass again.

;-)  
 
 
it is good one - and true one.
in addition of banning them from soccer games I would ban them from Australia as well  
 
 
Politics and soccer in Italy... adding a new item to an old item:

 
 Berlusconi defends player's Fascist salute 
2005/12/22 · The Times

Berlusconi has defended the captain of Lazio Roma, Paolo Di Canio, who was fined 10,000 and banned for one game after making the Fascist salute to supporters during a match. It was the third such incident this year. Berlusconi said the player had been misunderstood: "Di Canio is an exhibitionist... His salute had no significance - he's a good lad."

The President of Fifa on the other hand said that players who make the salute should be banned for life. Di Canio himself said that his salute was not political and that he would continue to make it for "my people". He also has the word Dux - a reference to Benito Mussolini - tattooed on his arm.

Berlusconi also suggested that Fascism was not as bad as Nazism or Communism, and told reporters that Western governments could not play by the rules to defeat Islamic terrorism. "You cannot tackle terrorism with the lawbook in your hand. If they fight with a sword, you have to defend yourself with a sword."
 

Interesting bit in this (new) one about the confluence of soccer club subcultures and political ideologies 

 
 Roma rapped for Nazi banners 
2006/01/31  ANSA

Italian soccer club AS Roma got a one-match stadium ban after Nazi symbols were displayed at a match against Livorno. Many politicians said firmer action should have been taken.

Interior Minister Pisanu urged police to apply recently approved norms and suspend matches when symbols or slogans inciting racism, xenophobia or political violence are exhibited. But he defended police for not taking this action Sunday, saying that the situation was "already extremely tense".

Slogans unfurled by Roma fans included Gott Mit Uns, the SS motto, and swastikas and Mussolini pictures also appeared. Italian Soccer Federation chief Carraro defended the referee, saying it was up to the police to stop the match.

Until recent years Roma's hardcore fans were thought to be radically lefist, but they have since come to rival the fans of Lazio in rightist extremism - notably against Livorno, whose fans regularly exhibit hammer and sickle banners and whose star striker only recently stopped giving the clenched-fist leftist salute.
 
 
 
That was nothing new about Laziali.
But, Heck! Romanisti were supposed to be left wing!
 
 
USA women own you in 2011.  

 
 
 
