 
 
Worst Shitholes
 
 
Where and why are your personal (yes, repeat, personal) nominees for - in order -oceans, nations, cities and/or ports, zones of engagment, towns, knocking shops etc.

Shy type that I am I shall simply start with Indonesia and bongo-bongo village, feral dogs and skinny c**ts [self edit] with bones through their collective noses pointing spears at me. I was non-plussed. The lack of Knocking shop did not mitigate my then my foul mood. Nor the hellish shanty town I emergered from the jungle to be greeted by. The chafing surrounding my delicate English nuts had only added to my uncharacteristically poor temper. There was no gin. The timely intervention of a Canuk meant that parangs were lowered and briberey prevailed.
"Jaalann Singapora" is the only phrase one need know in those shithole islands.  

I know this is similar to "the most stupid things etc." but this is meant to be more judgemental if not indeed punative. Embellish by all means, but don't ******** eh?  
 
 
Belize City. 3 attempted robberies in first 10 minutes in the place, one with a knife. Plus the sand was so full of **** your feet went brown after a minute of walking in it.
 
 
I try not to leave the states for this very reason. I don't want to deal with the real world.
 
 
Cabo San Lucas.

The strippers were older, uglier, and more expensive than in Tijuana.
The Tequila was more expensive than in Seattle ($12.00/shot in one place).
The moorage was more for one week than for a whole year in Alaska.
The fishing sucked.
The Mexican "Health Inspector" took all our Filet Mignon and New Yorks (a 3 month supply, about 80 pounds of USDA prime beef). He left the eggs and lettuce that I left out for him, lol.
 
 
Bridgeport, Connecticut.  

-dale
 
 
Soweto.

Worst but perversly best.

"?.00 a.m. Shabeen" Needed gin. My good self and a BLOND BLUE EYED AFRICAANs buddy. Unarmed for once. Strangest thing is everyone was charmed and delighted that we had the balls to walk in and order gin - with no riot kit.

Still, we did drive away fast.  
 
 
Cd. Juarez, Mexico.

The "Green Hell of the Volkhov" ("Welcome to the ass of the world," as the sign said).
 
 
Camden New Jersey.
 
 
Chernobyl :P
 
 
- San Juan, Ponce and Mayaguez Puerto Rico - PR has the highest crime rate in the US mostly due to drugs.

- New Orleans, LA (whole city pretty much except the tourist areas)

- Washington DC Metropolitian Police 2nd District has like a murder a day in their area.

- Spanish Harlem "El Barrio" (formerly known as East Harlem) in New York City along with parts of Brooklyn and Queens like Bed Stuy, etc.

Its like do any of these places have cops? What do they do all day? 400 New Orleans PD officers vanished after Katrina... some without a trace. 400 cops abandoned their posts and left the city.
 
 
Mellia, Spainish Morocco.

II5F in the daytime 90 at night. Only enough generator power to run the lights OR the fans. Both off in the day to run the platoon ice machine. 90 second showers. Wash in the ocean then rinse off with fresh water (uniforms too).

No water source outside the town borders. Those living outside (in Morocco)buying water from the town. Some able to afford water or food not both. Parents leaving unconscious children in the border strip knowing Legionaires are softies and will give them water.   Attempted new wells blown up by Legionaires (inside Moroccan territory).

Food so bad men develop scurvy and swollen limbs from vitamin deficiency. A quarter of men put on sick call until fresh fruit started being imported from Spain.
 
 
Skardu, toooooooooooo cooooooold.
-10 in August!.
 
 
pattaya.....thailand

too much cheap sleaziness!
really "in ur face" type
 
 
The rednecks city's in west virginia  
 
 
Chennai. *

*Runs before Samudra and Jay can get to me.  
 
 
 
Chennai. *

*Runs before Samudra and Jay can get to me.  

 

Thats Madras right?
 
 
 
Chennai. *

*Runs before Samudra and Jay can get to me.  

 

Why?????

BTW Sam is from Coimbatore....
 
 
Most of Los Angeles.
 
 
yea thats what I was thinking of.. City of Angels... lol
 
 
None of the above compare to any town in the state of Bihar, India.  
 
 
 
Camden New Jersey.

 

Ahh Sniper you are so right - Camden or the Bottom at 52nd and Market
 
 
Especially in European countries you're not very popular when you are from Germany sometimes.
But that's nothing against what happened to my grandmother ones who was almost stoned by arabs because she was wearing short trousers in the Sahara.
Another time in Tunisia in Tunis during the indepndence riots they wanted to kill my grandfather, grandmother and mother because they thought they where french. To insure that they weren't french my mother was forced to speak some German, so they survived. So sometimes it's good to be German.  
 
 
To insure that they weren't french my mother was forced to speak some German, so they survived. So sometimes it's good to be German.   [/QUOTE]

Warum nicht!? Anything but bloody French ! Although I beg for "their" nation to be capitalised as they do have rather good food and their women are most understanding in errant matters of the loins/heart.  
 
 
