 
 
"Secret" Jesus Messages on U.S. Military Weapons
 
 
This is an interesting article. I had no idea. Did you?

 
U.S. Military Weapons Inscribed With Secret 'Jesus' Bible Codes
Pentagon Supplier for Rifle Sights Says It Has 'Always' Added New Testament References

By JOSEPH RHEE, TAHMAN BRADLEY and BRIAN ROSS
Jan. 18, 2010

Coded references to New Testament Bible passages about Jesus Christ are inscribed on high-powered rifle sights provided to the United States military by a Michigan company, an ABC News investigation has found.

The sights are used by U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan and in the training of Iraqi and Afghan soldiers. The maker of the sights, Trijicon, has a $660 million multi-year contract to provide up to 800,000 sights to the Marine Corps, and additional contracts to provide sights to the U.S. Army.

U.S. military rules specifically prohibit the proselytizing of any religion in Iraq or Afghanistan and were drawn up in order to prevent criticism that the U.S. was embarked on a religious "Crusade" in its war against al Qaeda and Iraqi insurgents.

One of the citations on the gun sights, 2COR4:6, is an apparent reference to Second Corinthians 4:6 of the New Testament, which reads: "For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ."

Other references include citations from the books of Revelation, Matthew and John dealing with Jesus as "the light of the world." John 8:12, referred to on the gun sights as JN8:12, reads, "Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life."

 

Trijicon confirmed to ABCNews.com that it adds the biblical codes to the sights sold to the U.S. military. Tom Munson, director of sales and marketing for Trijicon, which is based in Wixom, Michigan, said the inscriptions "have always been there" and said there was nothing wrong or illegal with adding them. Munson said the issue was being raised by a group that is "not Christian." The company has said the practice began under its founder, Glyn Bindon, a devout Christian from South Africa who was killed in a 2003 plane crash.

'It violates the Constitution'

The company's vision is described on its Web site: "Guided by our values, we endeavor to have our products used wherever precision aiming solutions are required to protect individual freedom..."

...

Spokespeople for the U.S. Army and the Marine Corps both said their services were unaware of the biblical markings. They said officials were discussing what steps, if any, to take in the wake of the ABCNews.com report. It is not known how many Trijicon sights are currently in use by the U.S. military.

The biblical references appear in the same type font and size as the model numbers on the company's Advanced Combat Optical Guides, called the ACOG...

...

"It's wrong, it violates the Constitution, it violates a number of federal laws," said Michael "Mikey" Weinstein of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation, an advocacy group that seeks to preserve the separation of church and state in the military.

'Firearms of Jesus Christ'

"It allows the Mujahedeen, the Taliban, al Qaeda and the insurrectionists and jihadists to claim they're being shot by Jesus rifles," he said.

Weinstein, an attorney and former Air Force officer, said many members of his group who currently serve in the military have complained about the markings on the sights. He also claims they've told him that commanders have referred to weapons with the sights as "spiritually transformed firearm[s] of Jesus Christ..."

...

"This is probably the best example of violation of the separation of church and state in this country," said Weinstein. "It's literally pushing fundamentalist Christianity at the point of a gun against the people that we're fighting. We're emboldening an enemy."

 Complete story... 

 

I'm sure this is not the only company to do this sort of thing.In fact, I know that In-N-Out Burger prints similar references/messages on all of their cups.

Does anyone know of any other examples? What are your thoughts on Trijicon's practice of stamping it's sights with Biblical references?

Me, I'm not overly concerned or bothered by it, I just found it interesting.
 
 
As far as the average afghan recruit knows or cares, it is just random gibberish.

I find it weird and disturbing, not because they ad the message, it just seems the company isn't reading its own material.

It is not part of the specification, and they shouldn't do that.

And in that region, there have been problems with coerced westernization. Think the Sepoy Mutiny. And it is one of the reasons the Afghans faught the Xsovs for so long, is the Xsovs pulled the same kind of stuff.

As long as it doesn't bother the recruits, it is just a weird and silly thing.
 
 
No, really! This story is to absurd not to be real.

 U.S. Military Weapons Inscribed With Secret 'Jesus' Bible Codes 

 
Coded references to New Testament Bible passages about Jesus Christ are inscribed on high-powered rifle sights provided to the United States military by a Michigan company, an ABC News investigation has found.

 

 
John 8:12, referred to on the gun sights as JN8:12, reads, "Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life."

 

Probably nothing about loving your enemies, though.
 
 
 
 
 
"Take your son, your only son – yes, Isaac, whom you love so much – and go to the land of Moriah. Sacrifice him there as a burnt offering on one of the mountains, which I will point out to you."
Genesis 22:1-18

Let me tell you, that God had a "sense of humor". At the last moment as Abraham was going to stab his son, God said, "Wait, I was just kidding. It was a prank. Don't do it".

"Suppose you hear in one of the towns the LORD your God is giving you that some worthless rabble among you have led their fellow citizens astray by encouraging them to worship foreign gods. In such cases, you must examine the facts carefully. If you find it is true and can prove that such a detestable act has occurred among you, you must attack that town and completely destroy all its inhabitants, as well as all the livestock. Then you must pile all the plunder in the middle of the street and burn it. Put the entire town to the torch as a burnt offering to the LORD your God.
Deuteronomy 13:13-19 NLT

Cursed be he who does the Lords work remissly, cursed he who holds back his sword from blood. Jeremiah 48:10 NAB

The Bible is so violent and the blood? You're soaking in it.
 
 
"There is no greater love than to lay down one's life for one's friends."

That is the part many choose not to understand

And how about allowing evil to reign and sitting back and doing nothing?  

"All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing."
 
 
I may not a agree, but I believe in the freedom to do so as a private company.
 
 
Some religious nutjobs in the name of Jesus are fighting a holy war against Muslims and are using the Military to do so?

Call me surprised.    
 
 
Jesus rifles and Blackwater/Xe

This, people, is why 9/11 happened : neocolonialism, aggressive foreign policies and choosing sides in a holy war.

Thank you for all the American you're getting killed.
 
 
Xe is based in Dubia now isn't it? Not even an American company anymore?
 
 
 
Based in  North Carolina , Xe operates a tactical training facility (    36°27′N 76°12′W﻿ / ﻿36.45°N 76.2°W﻿ / 36.45; -76.2 
) which the company claims is the world's largest, and at which it trains more than 40,000 people a year, mostly from U.S. and other military and police services. The training consists of military offensive and defensive operations, as well as smaller scale personal security.

 

 Blackwater Worldwide - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 

Americans get killed because Christians and Neocons can't accept that the crusades are over. After we triedto wipe out the Jews, we became their body guards and their allies in another fucking holy war that just won't end.
 
 
 
Jesus rifles and Blackwater/Xe

This, people, is why 9/11 happened : neocolonialism, aggressive foreign policies and choosing sides in a holy war.

Thank you for all the American you're getting killed.

 

 
Hi, you have received -72 reputation points from California Girl.
Reputation was given for  this  post.

Comment:
Fuck off blaming Americans for 9/11.

Regards,
California Girl

Note: This is an automated message.

 

Apparently, Cali Bitch doesn't like when people expect America to have any principles and can't stand the thought that we don't exist in a vacuum.
 
 
 
Jesus rifles and Blackwater/Xe

This, people, is why 9/11 happened : neocolonialism, aggressive foreign policies and choosing sides in a holy war.

Thank you for all the American you're getting killed.

 

This, people, is why 9/11 happened: neocolonialism, aggressive foreign policies and choosing sides in a holy war.

Thank you for all the American you're getting killed.[/QUOTE]

The reason 9/11 happened is when Saddam invaded Kuwait. Bin Laden, who had spent years fighting the Soviets in Afghanistan, wanted to put together a force of Muslims to force Saddam out of Kuwait. Instead of turning to Bin Laden, the rest of the Arab nations looked to the US.

This enraged Bin Laden that Muslims were dying and maimed on Arab holy lands by infidel westerners. Now Bin Laden was enraged at Muslims for ignoring him and turning to the west. This is why he planned the attacks on 9/11.

Bin Laden was enemies with Saddam and wanted to be the one to drive him out of Kuwait.

Bin Laden attacked the Us for these reasons, but what the US did in sending Saddam packing was a good thing.

Think of it this way, you stopped a woman from being raped but you get shot. Does that mean getting shot was your fault? Of course not.

It irks me when people don't know why Bin Laden attacked the US. It irks me even more when people believe that Republican nonsense that Bin Laden and Saddam were friends.
 
 
 
Apparently, Cali Bitch doesn't like when people expect America to have any principles and can't stand the thought that we don't exist in a vacuum.

 

Of course not.

The fact of the matter is that putting troops in Saudi Arabia (especially those of the female gender) pissed off Osama Bin Laden during the Gulf War. He was our friend during the Cold War. Hell, we gave him money, training, and lots of weaponry to fight the Soviet Union.

Saddam was our friend too, but giving weapons to Iran to kill Iraqis (while giving weapons to Iraq to kill Iranians) probably isn't the best way to build the friendship.

Probably better off singing this:

 You Tube 
  You Tube 
 
 
how can any Christain want their holy words on a device make strickly for killing gods children?
 
 
it's a holy war.....make no mistake!
 
 
We've been involved in a holy war ever since the creation of IsraEl by the very people who tried to wipe the Jews out completely. Since we couldn't eliminate them, we gave them a 'reservation', displacing the locals in the process. Then, we sided with the Jews when tensions with the Muslims escalated, mostly because IsraEl is friendly to our economic interests and we didn't get along with the Muslim world because they have the oil we desperately need. Combined with our aggressive foreign policies, including training the Muhajadeen so we could use them as puppets when we were challenging the Soviets to see whose balls were bigger, and we painted a huge target on ourselves.

Just like in South America, America is hated because of America's actions.

Now things like this make it clear as daylight that America is, in fact, engaged in a religious war against Islam.
 
 
What's the big deal?

We had "Kill Commies for Christ's Sake" branded on ours.
 
 
There was a thread about this the other day:

 Biblical reference on sights 
 
 
