 
 
I Propose We Have The 1st Annual A2k Convention In Oz
 
 
What say you all could that happen?
 
 
egads! That would be a blast, but have you any idea what it costs for the rest of the world to get there? Except for Pueo.....
 
 
Well we have lots of time to plan and save. Really it would be a good thing to think about.
 
 
lil'k's right, it's a short flight for me.

oz is a big place, when exactly should this event take place? i suppose the aussies can answer that best. curious though that none of them have responded.  
 
 
Byron Bay of course

failing that, the Rooty Hill RSL
 
 
Adelaide. We have wine!

If it is a convention, does I has to be conventional?
 
 
don't think you can. :wink:
 
 
Oh, I can "pass"!

as long as I say very little.

which is hard.

generally.

sometimes I am quite shy and passive...
 
 
   
 
 
So - when is you peoples coming?

What season?

Spring and Autumn are good.....

Especially in Adelaide.....
 
 
cairns!
 
 
Yeeeeeccccccccccccccccchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
 
 
where is adelaide anyway?
 
 
If it takes place after August 2003, I have chances to attend. But I am not sure that I shall be in Adelaide. If and when I get an immigration permission, I plan to settle in either Sydney or Melbourne areas: there are more jobs available than in the rest of the continent.
 
 
I don't think that I could venture THAT far at this time. But I have an idea. Instead of wearing name tags, everyone should make a little tag with a picture of their avatar, and wear it when they first meet.

I wanna go.............................................  
 
 
i vote for sydney
 
 
deb can come dressed in a rabbit suit.
 
 
Ahhh - a playboy bunny ???

I think it is a great idea - but spending 22 hrs in an aluminium tube (and that too in economy clss BA) gives me the shivers....
 
 
22 hrs. that's rough. i believe the flight from guam to oz is about 4.5 to 5 hrs. maybe more depending on where you end up landing.

i can probably go for next to nothing on a continental airlines buddy pass. i am lucky enough to know a number of continental employees.
 
 
Hmmmmm - well, we spend a lot of time in an aluminium tube when we come to visit YOU folk!
 
 
I am NOT a playboy bunny!!!!! Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
 
 
What about fall 2004 that would give us all over a year to save, get passport updated, etc. I really think a lot of A2k people would consider it everyone I know that has been to Australia just loves it.
 
 
Hello! I'm here!!! (waving)!

Sydney, of course - it's the place most people fly into, anyway!  

Perhaps we can tempt Gautam if it's when the Indians are playing Oz in cricket - he'd absolutely be in his element. That makes it December 2003 - January 2004. The next time India plays in Australia is 2007-2008!

Just imagine being away from the cold that's bugging you so much now   Sunny Sydney, and a trip up the coast to see the Moondoggy. Stock up on Vegemite, Australian wines, and more.....

wheeeeeee
 
 
Sydney.....mumble,growl, think they ARE the place....smegging up themselves....oh GOOD morning Margo - smiles insincerely, showing teeth... Fall 2004, that is spring, right? Like September, October, November?
 
 
December January is too hot! They'd FRY!
 
 
Whaddya mean wear my avatar? This is what I really look like!

Well I can't do 2003 - gots lotsa travel plans this year already - but 2004 is inviting! I've been threatening to visit my sister in Sydney for years. Mebbe I'll finally get round to actually getting my butt on a plane.
 
 
My fear of flying is beyond comprehension. But I had to fly to Japan, March AFB near Sacramento, CA via Seattle, WA. I forget how many hours we were in the air but it was a long time. It was a MAC flight and jam packed and then when we got to Tokyo we had to land in the remnants of Typhoon Trix. Yikes, I thought I would die. After that I did not fly for 25 years.

Finally it was just so inconvenient I went to a destination training program in 1988-89. Since then I have flown six times and once by myself. Four of these flights were transcontinental. I was simply trained to deal with flying. I will never enjoy it but I do it so I can go long distances in short time frames. I would fly to Australia in a heart beat to see our friends there.

Right Heeven and I look like my avatar too.
 
 
I'm in.
 
 
I suggested January 2004 because that's the most likely time to attract Gautam (unless you're other than a female or....)

Let's face it, Deb - none of these people could even fly in to Adelaide, unless they come through Sydney (or Melbourne)! Except via Asia? or Perth? and, why would you?

Yesterday was very hot, but today is just brilliant - and it's Friday, which makes it even better!
 
 
Well, you know, one doesn't travel to Oz for anything under 2 weeks - it's just not worth it. If you all can't find a way to meet the rest of the world together, they'll just have to travel to meet you each individually....
 
 
I'm kinda' slow sometimes. I see Oz is Austrailia. When I first saw this topic I thought....Oh never mind...  
 
 
Okay, twist my arm......I'm in, too.
 
 
 
I'm kinda' slow sometimes. I see Oz is Austrailia. When I first saw this topic I thought....Oh never mind...  
 

ROFLMAO
 
 
You could have it in Melbourne in Winter (Brrrrrrrrrrr, drip, drip..) & try & make sense if Aussie Rules football. You ain't seen nothin till you've seen handball in a football game!  
No, seriously, it's a nice place!   Great el cheapo cafes, very civilized!
 
 
I LOVE Melbourne!
 
 
I wish I could guyz - and I will try my best.

But only if Margo promises to introduce me to "eliglible batchelors" in Sydney.....
 
 
I don't know any party boys! But several others, yes! (   - too many, unfortunately for me!)
 
 
i think i'll make a recon of at least one of the possible meeting places by may.
 
 
 
Okay, twist my arm......I'm in, too.
 

stop by guam on the way.
 
 
We will be happy to see you - wee owly!
 
 
For a bit of background - here are the two virtual tour of Sydney threads from last year:
 http://nytimes.abuzz.com/interaction/s.249514/discussion 

 http://nytimes.abuzz.com/interaction/s.251603/discussion 

starts half way through the first one, an then continues into the second - they were part of Aa's Abuzziversary threads.

(dlowan made me do it!)
 
 
She did too - I hope nobody minds urls referring back to where these ones do - those tours were a national treasure.

Mayhap the links should go in the helpful links thread in the Oz forum - when we d it Margo - hint, hint...
 
 
you're asking me to go back to afuzzland?
 
 
better make sure my shot record is up to date before venturing back into that sewer..........
 
 
Now, now - 'tis a fine place with a few rats - and Margo's travelogue is brilliant.
 
 
I'll second that!!!
You did a great job, margo!  
 
 
thanks guys, I think the Senior OzGuide is giving me a nudge?!?!?
 
 
More like a shove than nudge !
 
 
Our Deb isn't too good at subtlety - ya reckon?  
 
 
She can be very subtlety unsubtle
 
 
Er - what am I nudging Margo towards? I mean, I am happy to give a nudge if one is needed, but it helps if I know where I am nudging...

SENIOR Ozguide? How is THAT figured, pray tell?
 
 
My dear Ms Dlowan

You were the first, the original, and certainly the one-of-a-kind- Oz guide.

Whippersnappers like Wilso and I came along much later - we're really only Johnnie-come-latelies!!

Doesn't that make you the SENIOR Oz guide?

Heavens - we all defer to your seniority :wink:
 
 
Head bowed in deference.
 
 
"Heavens - we all defer to your seniority"

"Head bowed in deference."

Bwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk..........sound of one Bunny puking........
 
 
Yeah, a rabbit with a Kalashnikov - the epitome of subtlety.
 
 
Well, I will be in Oz in 2004, who is going to guide me around your big beautiful country?
 
 
JD
Well - it depends on what you mean by guiding?

As I'm sure you know, Australia is as big as mainland USA, but without the population. Most people live in the cities, mainly along the south-east quarter.

I can make suggestions, but you have to give me an idea of what you have in mind.

Questions to ponder:

How long will you be here?

What time of year?

What do you want to see? Cities, wildlife, outback?

The Oz A2K'ers all live in different cities (with the exception of Mr Stillwater, who apparently lives in Sydney, but so do 4.5 million others!)

And, of course, the biggie - money.

If you want to see a variety - you need to factor in the cost of internal flights - flying is really the only way to cover the distances.
Check out:
 www.qantas.com.au 
 www.virginblue.com.au 
 www.regionalexpress.com.au 

These are the main airlines that operate in the domestic sector. Qantas apparently have such a thing as a boomerang pass, which also may be checking out.

For a good travel forum on Australia (that I frequent) try fodors.com.au - forums, Australia.

I look forward to some more detail from you

 
 
 
How ya doin, Possums!

Greetings from Blighty! Whatever that means. Hello to all Australian chums!

My knowledge of Oz is limited to Sir Les Patterson and Kiri te Kanawa.

Only joking of course. But these are both wonderful people.

Did you know that 5 or 6 of us are going to have an A2K meet in London at the end of the month? I'm looking forward to that. And my pal, who is richer than me, is going to Perth, Oz next month for a hol! Lucky beggar.
The weather here is cr*p.

Throw another tinnie on the barbie!

McT
 
 
G'day McTag - thanks for dropping by!

We'll throw another snag on the bbq for you!

You've put on the A2K London meet too early - there's a slight chance I'll be there in early June - unless someone sends me tickets for Wimbledon, in which case, I'll be there late June!

Oz must be really cheap for Poms! (except in the cricket, football heartbreak departments!). You get roughly $3 Oz to every Pom pound. And things cost about the same in pounds in England as they do in dollars in Oz. So, something that costs 10 pounds there will be $10 here, roughly.

Get yourself organised and get out here. And the weather is good, even in winter!
 
 
IwannagoaLondontomeetthemtharBlimeyA2kers! Waaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
 
 
Here ya go, Deb!

Do what I did:

 www.travel.com.au 

 
 
 
OK

Just thought you would like to read the proceedings of the Committee For The Planning Of The First A2K Convention In London
so you can learn how to do it properly- not!

 http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=3812&highlight= 

Eat ya hearts out, Ossies!  

Just a joke, Still, you might find it amusing. The posts are building up- no decisions yet of course, but lots of smoke & dust.

McT
 
 
Plan your trip to Australia:
 http://www.australia.com/ 
 
 
Visit my home state:

 http://www.visitnsw.com.au/ 

Sydney
 http://www.sydney.visitorsbureau.com.au/ 
 http://www.streetsofsydney.com.au/guides/tourism.htm 
 http://www.bridgeclimb.com 
 
 
Hey this thread has gone moribund and yet it is a good thread.

Fiona who lives here used to live in Oz. Maybe she'll come in. Anyway Aussies, how are ya?

McT
 
 
McTag
Don't tell me you seduced Fiona away from Oz - you silver tongued devil, you?  

I'm awaiting here quietly for Joanne to tell me what she wants to do.

Are the McTag's planning a trip? We were hoping to tempt Gautam at year end, when his beloved Indian cricketers are touring, but.....

There's another newer tourist in Oz thread, which needs some input from someone....  

 http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=5792 
 
 
When is this Oz Gathering supposed to take place? c.i.
 
 
Good q.
 
 
JD, March AFB is close to Riverside, CA, not Sacramento. You might be thinking of Mather or Travis. c.i.
 
 
JD, The reason I know this is 1) I was born and reared in Sacramento, and 2) I flew from Walker AFB in New Mexico to March AFB in Riverside on a B29 back in the late fifties. Now, that was a thrill. c.i.
 
 
When you guys make up your mind on 1) dates, 2) place - Sydney, Cairns, or Adelaide, and 3) who's place we're staying at, please let us know. LOL c.i.
 
 
Cocoa Beach, FL is a nice place to visit.

So I hear.
 
 
i vote for cairns, the people from guam who travel there say wonderful things about cairns. the mayor of cairns comes to guam to promote cairns. don't believe we've had any other mayors from oz come here to promote travel.

btw, dlowan will say evil things about cairns, just don't listen  
 
 
OOPs,   beg pardons! - posted to the wrong thread!  
 
 
pueo, Cairns is a good choice. People can go to the Rain Forest and the Great Barrier Reef from Cairns. The Kuranda Train Ride/SkyRide is also a tourist favorite as is the Aboriginal Cultural Center. I'm game. c.i.  
 
 
This was Joanne Dorel's suggestion. We're all sitting here waiting for her to volunteer more.

I think anyone's trip should include at least Sydney and Cairns, for the reef - it's a fair way for most to come (except the evil owl!). Then the boldest and bravest can decide if thet are bold and/or brave enough to go to Melbourne and / or Adelaide. (not to mention having the funds!)
 
 
Wuldn't mind a side trip to Melbun.  
 
 
Adelaide is now a toss-up. See the following article. c.i.

Special Report
The Big Pong Down Under
(ADELAIDE, Australia, Feb. 14, 2003) -- Fifteen months after Adelaide signed a contract turning over its waterworks to a private consortium controlled by Thames Water and Vivendi, the city was engulfed in a powerful sewage smell, which became known as "the big pong." Read more in the final installment of ICIJ's 10-part series into global water privatization, "The Water Barons.">>
 
 
what happened with this?
 
 
Hey, pueo I guess we need to set a date for this gathering. What is best for everyone.
 
 
Sometime between the 11th Nov and the 1st March for me!!!!
 
 
Christmas in OZ would be a fun thing for me. Leaving the cold weather here for your summer would be nice.
 
 
I might be able to consider it if 1) it's during the holidays (Christmas-New Years), and 2) the airfare is 'reasonable.'  
 
 
Well, Christmas time would give all you northerners a different taste of how Christmas is: beach, sand, heat and mangoes running down your chin! And December / January is great fun in Sydney - lots to see and do in the Festival of Sydney. Hot, humid and may be a tad rainy, though! Very hot and humid on the Barrier Reef.

Don't count on my organising ability - it's non existent! I drive within a kilometre of Wilso's place about once a month, and still can't organise myself to meet him! Soon!

I wouldn't count on reasonable fares, though - Christmas is high season everywhere. And it's certainly high season in Oz. It's our main holiday period. No hotel deals (or not many - unless you can afford to stay 5 star!) Even casual travellers like me wouldn't dream of going anywhere without a bed booked for the night - and I seldom book anything (too disorganised!   )

Waiting and watching...........
 
 
