 
 
Is Rumsfeld trying to provoke North Korea?
 
 
Rumsfeld sent this blunt message to North Korea. "America can fight simultaneous wars with Iraq and North Korea. We are capable of winning decisively one and swiftly defeating in the case of the other"
I can only ask is he trying to provoke a war with North Korea. He sounds like a school yard bully daring them to start something.  
 
 
Do you have a cite for this, au? Thanks!
 
 
As for having a citation, it's the aol "front page headline" right now when you log in, here ya go:

"We are capable of fighting two major regional conflicts,'' Rumsfeld said. "We're capable of winning decisively in one and swiftly defeating in the case of the other, and let there be no doubt about it.'' By John J. Lumpkin, c. The Associated Press

Rumsfeld is certifiable, in my opinion... this whole bunch have lost touch with reality...
 
 
North Korea warns of 'catastrophe'

Tuesday, December 24, 2002 Posted: 11:46 AM EST (1646 GMT)

With one of the largest armed forces in the world North Korea says it is ready for any military confrontation

PYONGYANG, North Korea (CNN) -- The refusal by the United States to negotiate with North Korea over its nuclear program could lead to an "uncontrollable catastrophe," North Korea's state-run Rodong Sinmun newspaper has warned

North Korea's answer to Rumsfeld. What could one expect after the challenge that Rumsfeld issued? I can only pray that Rumsfeld the happy warrior comes to his senses before the nuclear bombs start falling.

 http://www.cnn.com/2002/WORLD/asiapcf/east/12/24/nkorea.us.nukes/index.html 
 
 
it appears to me that NK is pushing for a non-aggression treaty with the US and Rumsfeld is playing the macho man. but i have been wrong before.
 
 
The problem is often when you play with fire you get burned.
 
 
Before jumping to any conclusions, you might want to know more about how the North Korean government negotiates, and something of the underlying situation.

North Korea is known for it's brutal negotiating stances. They demand and threaten, and then wait to see the result. If the other party gives in, then the North Koreans up their demands and threaten again. If the North Koreans believe that the response to their threats will be REAL and effective application of force, they back down a little bit before trying again. If the message sent back in response to their threats is ambiguous, they increase the threat level until a clear message is sent. They do not like compromise, and will only accept it as a last resort.

The North Korean government is nominally Communist, but is really the personal property of the Kim family. The old man came to power fighting the Japanese during WWII, then consolidated his power and attempted reunification of the penninsula under his autocratic rule. The Korean War was one of the first campaigns in the Cold War, and ended in an armistis that has endured to this day. The current leader is Kim Ill-Sung's son who came to power when Daddy died. The current Kim has a reputation for eccentric behavior, and intolerance for dissent. He retains a strong base in the military and intelligence forces. The next generation Kim now holds several important positions that will almost certainly guarantee his accention to power when the current Kim goes to the Happy Hunting Grounds.

North Korea is a terribly poor country that has been continually on the brink of famine for the last decade, or so. Industrial activity is generally out of date and unproductive. The largest industry seems to be the military and those industries that directly support the military. Roads and communications networks are still mostly primitive, except those whose existence are regarded as militarially important. Much of the North's foriegn trade is in the export of relatively inexpensive weapons and munitions -- mostly reverse engineered. The North has been experimenting and improving medium and long range rocket delivery systems for the last 25 years, and currently has the capability of reaching as far east as Alaska, the west coast of Canada, and the American Pacific Northwest. The Nort is believed to possess between 3 and 12 nuclear devices for those launch vehicles. North Korean Intelligence is very active, especially in East Asia.

The North Koreat was, is and will remain for the foreseeable future a hostile government. The Kims priorities are: Remain in power, and the Reunification of the penninsual under their rule. To achieve those goals they will do everything in their power to undermine South Korean ability to resist. The North wants the U.S. out of Asia, where we might intervene to save the South again from aggression. The North wants the wealth of the South to allay any underlying dissent in the North that may exist due to poor economic conditions (esp. food stocks), and political oppression.

This is a dangerous place, and being nice when dealing with the North Korean government is the worst thing that we could do. They only understand threats, and then only credible threats to their main goals.

Go get'm Rumsfield.
 
 
So, on that analysis, Asherman, the reason for this action by North Korea right now is to see if they can advance their nuclear program while the USA is engaged elsewhere, in the context of an ongoing policy of probing for weakness?
 
 
With the attention of the United States drawn away from East Asia, this is an opportune time for North Korea to make an attempt at advancing its interests. The South Korean elections have just taken place, and once again there is substantial sentiment that North Korea isn't really as dangerous as it once was. The North has made several cosmetic announcements that have tended to lull public opinion, but nothing of substance has changed. It is in North Korea's interest to support enemies of the United States, so by drawing some of our attention back to the Korean penninsula they may reduce the pressure on "allies/customers" in West Asia. Can the United States pursue an activist policy against Iraq's program of acquiring WMD, and Korea's at the same time?

Korea is betting that we will turn a blind eye to their admission because we aren't able to focus on both Iraq and North Korea at the same time. If we do turn a blind eye, then they get to go ahead with their nuclear weapons program unmolested. That's what they are betting on. If North Korea is permitted to enlarge its nuclear strike capability, then they can threaten nuclear strikes if anyone were to interfer with their efforts to invade the South. They need to get U.S. troops out of the theater, and then make the cost of extending American protection too large for the American People to bear. Let's say they were able to get the United States to leave Korea, and then they sent troops south again. Could we, would we send troops back into Korea if the North Korean's credibly threatened a nuclear strike against Tokyo, Anchorage, and Seattle?

Bush's move to implement a nuclear shield is one means of countering a threat that may materialize in the realtive near future. The political situation in South Korea is always sensitive. Many Koreans would like to see us leave, and they may indeed be able to handle any invasion from the North. However, does anyone want to take a chance on being wrong when the North is commanded by an ego-maniac armed with nuclear weapons and capable of striking one of our major cities?
 
 
Ah - you have given a possible reason for their acting now that includes attention to the needs of "allies" - I am very ignorant in this area - can you give any cites for your analysis? - I would be interested in reading more.
 
 
but why would N.K. be so blatant about what they are doing? it more likely appears that by all their announcements of nuclear re-activation is meant to draw attention to themselves.
 
 
Why do you think they would wish to do that, Dyslexia?
 
 
a couple of thoughts, one is that they are in dire straights economically and would like to get some major concessions such as trade, economic development and humantarian assistance but with an ego of the bully they are responding to the Bush pronouncement including them in the "axis of evil" (kind of a school yard mentality between the US and N.K.) another thought is that N.K. seems to have an attitude of intimidation towards S.K./Japan which they would like to use as a fear factor in negotiations. third i think that N.K. not unlike Cuba has become a very isolated nation without much support from China or the old Soviets and is quite simply stamping their foot demanding attention. i stand by none of these as other than simple observations.
 
 
One thing is for sure, they were promised if the put a lid on the plant, then the US and others would provide their fuel needs. Those needs have been pulled - are they just stoking up the old plant?
 
 
has the US pulled the fuel out from under them?

Thank you for your comments Dyslexia...
 
 
I don't think Rumpsfelt has ever seen a war he didn't want to participate in!
 
 
the US halted all shipments of fuel oil to N.K. about 6 weeks ago
 
 
Bill

 
I don't think Rumpsfelt has ever seen a war he didn't want to participate in!

 

That he didn't want someone else to participate in.
 
 
Asherman pretty well nails N.K.'s negotiating style. It has always been brash, arrogant, and abrasive. Rummy isn't "Baiting" them, he is speaking to them in manner they understand. In some wierdly Oriental way, they appear to regard civil discourse as admission of weakness. As opposed to inviting discussion, they threaten, posture, and demand. In days gone by, they were bolstered by their then-contemporary co-communist states, primarily China. Events left them with dwindling support of that nature... their own ham-handed diplomatic finesse assisted greatly in the matter of their growing isolation.

Today they stand virtually alone, left behind by technology and prosperity. Their economy is essentially defunct. The people are starving, the civil infrastructure, what little of it there is, is crumbling. Kim The Current inherited from his father what amounted to the carcass of a nation, and that carcass is decomposing. A handy gauge of NK desperation may be found in the obstreperousness of her "Diplomatic" posturing; the worse things get domesticly, the nastier their world stance becomes. One is caused to wonder whether Kim and crowd may be successfuly engaged through dialog, cooperation, compromise, and accomodation, as befit a sovereign state, or if they must be excised from the world body as a dangerous lesion.

I have no doubt their current intransigence stems from their perception that our present preocupation with Iraq, et al, hinders us from effectively countering them in the matter of their nuclear program. They fully expect not conflict but concilliation, and expect to gain such through bombast and brinksmanship. With neither economic power nor international standing, their only bargaining chip is their military capability. Kim The Current may be desperate enough to go "Table Stakes" and bet the farm on this hand... but I doubt it.

I imagine this will escalate, of course, but I anticipate China to become a major factor in the "Reigning In" of NK. China has just begun to figure out there are benefits to becoming involved in global commerce, benefits endangered by the prospect of herself becoming involved in any miltary confrontation with The West. Absent explicit Chinese support, NK is a regional irritation at best, albeit an irritation with limited nuclear capability. Western military action against NK would be considerably messier than against Iraq, but the issue stands in no doubt. Any war with NK guarantees the end of Kim The Current and his aspirations, and I'm sure he realizes this. He is relying on Western reluctance to undertake military action to lend weight to his peculiar negotiating style. His goal in the current matter is not war, but a lifting of sanctions, increased aid and development, and respect among nations.

Among other considerations, China has her own designs on Taiwan. In the event of Western Hostilities directed toward NK, it would be logical to postulate significant Western, essentially US, buildup of forces, facilities, and capabilities in Taiwan. This would be terribly inconvenient for China. Having a somewhat more sophisticated world view than NK, the Chinese may be expected to put some effort into preventing NK from screwing up Chinese plans. That's my take, anyway.

timber
 
 
Timber,

I agree that China will probably try to rein in Kim, but a Chinese aid has dwindled, so has its influence over a national leader whose mental stability has always been open to question.

China itself holds extremely dangerous potential for furture world problems. The Chinese people remain relatively isolated from the rest of the world. The central government controls virtually all communications and activity within the country. Western culture has begon to seep into the country and the younger generation is increasingly wants Western products. Farm peasant desparately want to leave the countryside for city life where the toil is less demanding. I believe that the Secret Societies are reviviing, though I don't have good information to support that notion. The government has to carefully keep the lid on, or they will be overthown.

Some native capitolists have become rich, but the old military and political elites continue to have a finger in every pie. This slows down economic development and discourages the sort of independance that powers Western economies.

There are at least three scenarios that should be of special concern to us.

First, China's population. This was the first human population to top one billion, and it is still growing. China's rigid control over births is not popular among the Chinese people, and they avoid and evade it as much as they can. In the countryside, birthcontrol laws are relatively easy to evade, but the laws have been somewhat successful in the large cities.

Chinese population is out of balance with its resources. The country, though huge, has only limited mineral wealth and it's infrastructure remains primitive compared with other major countries. Much of the country is not suitable for growing crops, and the rich band that lies along the oceans has been under cultivation for at least 5 thousand years. Not only is the land worn, China has a long history of water problems. Either there is too much, or too little. Drought and flood have always alternated keeping the food supply at risk. Recent efforts to tame the Yellow River threaten to further alter the delicate balance. China is over due for a major famine. What will happen if famine begins to reduce Chinese population from over a billion to say 800 million? That's four or five million famine deaths.

Second, disease. Of the annual flu strains that cripple Western countries each year, almost all originate in Southern China. There the people live in close proximity to their livestock, and environmental conditions are almost perfect for viral mutations. During WWI the world was hit by a very murderous flue strain called the "Spanish Lady". Spanish Lady killed as many people as trench warfare in France. If a similar viral strain were to appear in Southeast Asia, hold on to your hat because the wind is agonna howl. It is possible that an epidemic could also kill up to around 10 million Chinese, and perhaps 20% of the rest of the world's population in a matter of say, six months. Being a grave digger could become a great career choice. The Chinese government refuses to acknowledge that any potential problem exists, and medical support resources inside China are inadequate even by their own standards.

Third, demographics. One result of the population laws is that Chinese parents have resorted to infantcide. Everyone wants a son, so they kill the girl babies. The result has been a slow, but steady imbalance between the sexes. Every year there are more young men (17-25) and fewer girls in that age cohort. What happens when you have far more young men than there are girls for them to mate with? The Chinese haven't reached critical mass yet, but sometime in the next ten years this is likely to be a very difficult problem for them. Currently they keep the matter in check by putting all those extra males into the Army and keeping them there. Hmmnn, heavily armed sexually frustrated 20 year olds. As long the military can maintain control and discipline there danger here is not worth losing too much sleep over. However, if the military ever begins to lose its hold hell could break-out in a heartbeat.

The current powerstructure in China is increasingly fragile, and if suddenly faced with a major crisis (see one, or more of the above), China might be a threat to both its immediate neighbors (esp. the Rice Bowl countries of the extreme southeast), and world stability.

We should be watching China very, very carefully for the next ten years.
 
 
A typical Asherman well-thought, well-reasoned, well-presented, thought provoking response. I shall return when the thoughts provoked sort themselves into communicable terms.

timber
 
 
Asherman, Some Chinese in the smaller townships are uprising against their government because of high taxes. Something we didn't see before. IMHO, this is the beginning of the Chinese governments downfall, and I see a different landscape in China ten years from now. China has also been working to improve their social overhead capital. Many new highways are being built. Even the international airport in Beijing, built during the past five years, is a big improvement over what they had only ten years ago. China has also orderred many airplanes from Boeing which will expand their transportation of goods and people. With that expansion will come more capitalistic and democratic freedoms. Their control on communication will have less meaning and control. I doubt China's government is in a position to reverse this trend. Your observation concerning the over abundance of men vs women will become a problem soon. I'm not sure how they will control nature, and HIV/AIDS will become more of a problem. In 2004, the Yangtse will be flooded, and many millions of people will be displaced. I'm not sure that the government has made adequate plans to move all these people to safe havens where they can continue their economic acitivities. I don't think the government is in a position to subisidize so many at one stroke of the flooding. I see much chaos for the people now living in the flood zones. I think China will be battling too many domestic fronts for them to become a threat to their neighbors any time soon. Many in China are still living the same way their ancestors lived thousands of years ago, so the one billion population can be misinterpreted in many ways. Many farmers still use oxen to plow their fields. There's a huge contrast between the people of Beijing, Shanghai, etc., etc., and the farmers lives. I don't think that's about to change any time soon. c.i.
 
 
Great and rapid change carries with it an increased risk of destabilization. The Secret Societies have always been strongest in the rural areas, and may again be an important element in revolutionary change. These conditions seem to make you optimistic that China will become less of a threat to the world in the future.

I think you're wrong. The power elite is just as eager to hold onto power as Kim is on the penninsula. In order to maintain their power they believe they need to keep and even tighten social controls. You can only hold change back by force for a limited time, and then when the dam breaks there is flood. Social controls also tend to weaken during times of great peril -- such as famine and epidemic. What do you think the effects will be if either breaks out in a serious fashion within the PRC?

Not mentioned in my earlier posting are signs that the Chinese may be more willing to expand than they have traditionally been. Chinese intelligence is very active, with many ethnic Han recruited around the world to spy and acquire technology.

My grandson seems to h ave infected everyone here with a cold, so hasta la vista, baby.
 
 
Asherman - can you tell us what are the sources of your beliefs re the secret societies, greater willingness to expand and recruitment of ethnic Chinese around the world to spy?

Hope the cold is a weak one!
 
 
Asherman
I suppose one could have said the same thing about the Soviet Union about 15 or so years ago. The chinese are being exposed to and reaping the benifits of capitalism. Let's call it creeping capitalism.
As for NK I believe it presents as great a threat to the Chinese,Russians,Japanese and South Koreans as it does to the US and they will do whatever they can to reduce the friction in the area As for Rumsfeld I am of the opinion that he needs to tone down his rhetoric and stop acting like a school yard bully.
 
 
Hold Your Nose and Negotiate

By NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF

President Bush finally turns out to have a clear, forceful plan to deal with North Korea's defying the West by restarting its nuclear warhead assembly line.
The plan is to invade Iraq.
The White House is trying to play down the crisis on the Korean Peninsula so that it can focus public attention on Iraq instead. But North Korea raises risks that Iraq does not — because it already has a couple of nuclear weapons, as well as artillery and missiles that can dump nerve gas on American military bases in Asia, and Taepodong missiles that can drop nuclear warheads on Alaska and, soon, the lower 48 states.

 http://www.nytimes.com/2002/12/20/opinion/20KRIS.html?todaysheadlines 
 
 
Hold Your Nose and Negotiate

By NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF

President Bush finally turns out to have a clear, forceful plan to deal with North Korea's defying the West by restarting its nuclear warhead assembly line.
The plan is to invade Iraq.
The White House is trying to play down the crisis on the Korean Peninsula so that it can focus public attention on Iraq instead. But North Korea raises risks that Iraq does not -- because it already has a couple of nuclear weapons, as well as artillery and missiles that can dump nerve gas on American military bases in Asia, and Taepodong missiles that can drop nuclear warheads on Alaska and, soon, the lower 48 states.

 http://www.nytimes.com/2002/12/20/opinion/20KRIS.html?todaysheadlines 
 
 
The Chinese if for nothing but their population are a Global Player. I put great store in their desire for economic development, but I acknowledge the potential for domestic upheaval, particularly in the face of widespread natural calamity. The prospect is most unsettling in its plausibility.

The Power Elite are typical of despots everywhere, everywhen. They seek not to encourage, foster, husband, and nurture a society, but to control it. As dissent was once a affront to the gods, it is an affront to an Authoritarian State. Either case calls for draconian response lest the entire enterprise crumble. In China, The Maoists arose from and supplanted the influence of Marxist/Leninist Thought. The Cultural Revolution was a traumatic socio-economic event which was the natural consequence of the shift to Maoism, a consequence not without unanticipated effect. Meshing Mercantilism with current Chinese Political Philosophy will not be done without surprises, and despots typically are not fond of surprises of any sort. Despots tend to be pretty Gung-Ho for the Staus Quo, somewhat resistant to change. The Internet and Collective Farms are going to be troublesome to integrate. The Internet has a decided edge. The dissemination and exchange of information is a most powerful tool. It will shape China more than China will shape it. There is strong possibility of upheaval as significant, if very different from, The Cultural Revolution.

I believe the Chinese People, particularly The Power Elite, have drawn a lesson from the Post-War Economic Miracle of Japan. While China has been struggling heroicly to drag herself kicking and screaming into The Developed World, Japanese transistors have gained far more than Japanese troops ever could have. Considering themselves to have been signicant factor in the military besting of Japan a while back, the Chinese may be inclining toward trying to emulate her old adversary's tactics. As younger replacements for the Power Elite take over the posts of retiring or otherwise inactive members of the group, the Chinese will be swept into the World Community... provided the process is not interupted by such inconvenience as War, Famine, and Pestillence. My current assessment is that China is quite aware that she must contend with and overcome all three.

I see Chinese Espionage directed more to techno-economic development than to old fashioned imperialist geographic expansion. I believe China is at least beginning to perceive there is more to be had from the boardroom than from the battlefield. In the current matter, I would imagine China will bring considerable pressure to bear on NK, and not just diplomatic or economic pressure. As NK persists in tweaking The West, expect there to be some realignment of Chinese Air/Land Warfare Capability. The Chinese of course will assert patently prudent, purely defensive intent. In a bit of brinksmanship themselves, the Chinese may very well see secure advantage in showing Kim how a master plays the game. The risk is small; confronted militarily by The West and China simultaneously, Kim very soon exits, one way or another. The only question to be resolved would be the matter of the magnitude of destruction suffered by NK. China sees her interest served by peace in the region, which, among other things, comes without massive Western Military Presence in the neighborhood. It doesn't look good for Kim. The Chinese are becoming business wise, and he is a controlable expense.

timber
 
 
quick note here....both Asherman and timber argue a familiar claim...that the party in question (I'll paraphrase the notions) "only understands force" and "doesn't engage in civil discourse". There is rather a lot of this going on re Iraq and Arabs and extremist Muslims right now too.

These claims set off my alarm bells. They are reflected in just about every instance I know of where where the military ramps up. It is a functionally necessary justification for ourselves using force.

Of course, that such a stance is functionally necessary, doesn't mean it isn't applicable in a given situation, and perhaps Korea is such an example, but I think it behooves us to be aware that our own rhetoric can convince us what we are saying makes sense.
 
 
blatham, I share your distrust of the "They don't understand anything else" claim, but NK is characterzed to an extraordinary degree by bombast, bluster, and brinksmanship. Negotiating with them requires much the same skill required for negotiating with mules, though with additional concern required; mules tend not to be possessed of considerable military establishments.

timber
 
 
Bunny,

My analysis is mostly based on open sources. Chinese history provides a familiar pattern in how dynasties rise and fall. Maoism proceded rather faster than most from flow to ebb. Secret Societies have been one of those constant factors that show up when a dynasty begins having trouble managing the country. China, historically, has been inward looking and treated the rest of the world with distain. That is probably changing to some extent. Thought China has long regarded Tibet as a distant possession, it's modern aggression there is unusual. Tiawan has always been a part of China, and the return of Taiwan is one of the central governments priorities. Chinese intervention in Korea has historical precedent. These instances are not conclusive, afterall each of these cases are within what the Chinese have long held to be their sphere of power and influence.

The Chinese will need to become more "outer directed" to meet internal shortfalls. China has a huge population, but very little in the way of resources to satisfy a rising demand for Western style goods. Japan has become a superpowr by importing raw resources and exporting finished goods to Western markets. China has a more difficult set of problems. She has to meet internal demands and has very little to export. Japan has a highly developed infrasystem, while China lags far behind. Frankly, the Chinese can never produce enough goods to satisfy their population.

Walkman televisions, and automobiles are luxury goods, food is not. China's population is the problem, and it is getting worse every day, with every birth. Even if one could bring every Chinese household up to Western standards of living (imagine another billion automobiles in the world, and the resources it would take to duplicate the American highway system in a country like China!), that would all be for naught, when a major flood, or earthquake, triggers the next famine.

Anyone who has the slieghtest experience or knowledge of North Korean negotiating tactics would be more likely to regard Rumsfield's remarks as too mild to be effective. Saddam is another individual whose negotiation strategy is one of aggression, posturing, threats, delay and eventual backing down as little as possible under the direct threat of force. Saddam miscalculated during the Gulf War, now he is a little more cautious about defying our demands. Like any schoolyard bully, the more you try to appease them, the more they want and the more brutal they become.

America has been very slow to recognize that there are folks out there in the world who have been waging war against her for twenty years. 911 was a wakeup call. Can Al Queda emerge victorious against Western Culture? Not a chance, but they can kill a lot of people trying. Allah has a place in heaven for those who fall fighting for Islam.
 
 
timber

Your analysis of these issues is always marked by a high level of thoughtfulness and sophistication and I think you not likely to fall prey to this little rhetorical demon. Just thought I'd shine a brief light on it as a reminder, sort of the way my ex-wife posted Loreena Bobitt's photo on the refrigerator.
 
 
blatham, I too have an ex-wife. So much for the benefits of thoughtful analysis. I convinced myself I was right about that at the time.

timber
 
 
I got two of them there x's and 3 other almosts - but, now I got it right.
 
 
Doctrine of Pre-emptive Was now in force:

 http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&u=/021226/226/2xhzy.html 
 
 
 
 
steissd, It's my humble opinion that your assessment of the Chinese position on nuclear development by NK is correct. Also, China will never threaten the US with nuclear war. As you say, most of China's productive capacity and population are based in too few primary areas that is vulnerable to nuclear attack. c.i.
 
 
I believe that Pyongyang leaders know this too. They just want to extort some cash in exchange to freezing their nuclear programs. And when they run out of the portion of cash they managed to obtain, they will repeat the trick.
 
 
In a nut shell steissd, absolutely. But, as I have said on the thread in the past, the US by agreement was supplying fuel oil to shut down the nuclear plant. We stopped supplying the oil, they need power for heating (it is very cold in N. Korea-I've seen MASH), they start the plant back up.

Nothing really and trully diabolical here.
 
 
I agree, but I have something to add. Possession of nuclear devices by N. Korea is not so much dangerous per se. It is unlikely that Pyongyang leaders will ever dare to attack their Southern neighbor where the U.S. Army units are deployed. This will lead to immediate erasure of their country from the world map.
The problem is as follows: lack of $$$ may lead to nuclear devices trade by Kim Jon Il & Co. Ltd., and they may sell some to the groups like Al Qaeda.
 
 
Sounds like they have a very important bargaining chip on the International gaming table!
 
 
 
Sounds like they have a very important bargaining chip on the International gaming table!
 

They believe they do. I do not believe they in fact posses enough chips to stay in the game very long. They've just put their big bet down on the "No Limit" table, everyone else is showing aces and face cards, and all NK has is her openers; an attitude and a dictator... a pretty low pair.

timber
 
 
Timber, If you are talking about total annihilation, yes. If you are talking about substituting for fuel oil to keep oneself warm during the winter,yes. If you are talking about this substitute creating a world wide political problem, yes to that too. A low pair wins if the rest fold!
 
 
For NK, it's all bluff and nothing to back it up. Hell, most of their citizens are starving, and they still spend most of their national budget on their military. How stupid! c.i.
 
 
The propaganda machine is working overtime. Iraq is a threat even thought they have no Nuclear bomb and NK is not a threat despite having one. Could the difference be "OIL"
 
 
Oil is a weapon as well. Manipulations with oil prices and political pressure applied through oil embargos may bring turmoil into the world economy. Western control over the world's second oil fields may prevent all these things.
 
 
au, What took you so long? Bush can't even provide proof Saddam has any WOMD, or is a threat to his neighbors or the US. Having provided no proof to the world, he is still building up our military around Iraq. c.i.
 
 
U.N.: N. Korea violating DMZ pact

The North Korean army has brought light machine guns into the Demilitarized Zone, the U.N. Command on the Korean Peninsula said today -- a violation of agreements signed in 1953 at the end of the Korean War.
Are we dealing with rational people???Do you think they give a damn what the UN say's. In fact for that matter does anyone?
 http://www.cnn.com/2002/WORLD/asiapcf/east/12/27/nkorea.dmz/index.html 
 
 
au, That's all part of the bluff. All show and no action..... They're going to play "chicken" to see how far they can go without actually firing a shot. c.i.
 
 
Nope. North Korea is trying to start a war. Rummy just let them know 1) We know what you are doing and 2) Just because we're busy in other areas, doesn't mean we're so weak we'll roll over for you.
 
 
Lash, Welcome aboard. I disagree that NK is "trying to start a war". I see their current shennanigans as their version of diplomacy. In their mind, they are negotiating trade concessions. They are under the impression our desire to avoid war will afford them telling advantage in the economic arena. It is humanitarian concern for the well being and future prosperity of her own people that motivates NK's braggadocious, bellicose, confrontational behavior. They think strangely, to our perception. This gives them a peculiar, nonstandard negotiating style.

timber
 
 
I can only hope you are correct and it's all braggadocio. However, I have to wonder. One thing I am certain of is that at the present time NK is by far more dangerous than Iraq. The Bush White House should be doing all it possibly can to reduce the tension instead of just the opposite. It seems as if irrational people are dealing with irrational people
 
 
Timberlandko-- Thanks for the welcome. My post was very simplistic, due to me sticking my toe in unfamiliar water here.
And I get crabby when Rummy and other Americans are blamed for all the recent global weirdness.
My deeper reality re: NK is Clinton's "treaty" promised NK a payoff which he, nor Bush came through with. To me, most of our "humanitarian aid" is nothing more than blackmail to make nutcases around the world not try to acquire and develop WMD. It is getting to a point that we can't afford, nor should we continue to pay 'humanitarian aid' to anyone. I wouldn't mind shipping food and health materials, but the mob payoff has got to stop. I realize NK is trying to force Bush to ante up.  
 
 
Whether NK or Iraq is the more dangerous is matter of conjecture. Presently, Iraq is for various reasons more addressable than is NK. This situation will not persist.
Iraq is clearly done for. More will be given NK to consider as relevant assetts become more conveniently available. China, too, has a powerful hand in the game NK has joined, a hand yet to be played. All that is assured is escalating tension.

timber
 
 
Lash...welcome.

You said two things that I'd argue against. First:

 
NK is trying to start a war
 
and second
 
To me, most of our "humanitarian aid" is nothing more than blackmail to make nutcases around the world not try to acquire and develop WMD.
 

I cannot conceive that the NK military have any notion at all of starting a war as they will understand the obvious outcome easily as clearly as you and I. The only exception to this might be if they've concluded that they are next after Sadaam.

Your second statement regarding aid is surely not accurate, nor close to it, Israel being an obvious example.
 
 
 
Timberlandko-- Thanks for the welcome. My post was very simplistic, due to me sticking my toe in unfamiliar water here.
And I get crabby when Rummy and other Americans are blamed for all the recent global weirdness.

blatham--I had already stated that my first post was too simplistic. I do not think they are trying to start a war, I was responding to another post, where it was stated Rumsfield was trying to start a war.

I stand by my assertion that most 'humanitarian aid' is a payoff for good behavior. In the case of Israel, I think it is pretty clear we are trying to help them build up a military, as they are our strong ally.
 
 
 
P.S. To clarify, I believe NK is the aggressor toward the US, not the other way around. The UN seems to agree.
 
 
Kim is eccentric, not stupid. PRK dosn't want a war if it can gain its objectives by other means. Their style of negotiating is a subtle as any blunt instrument, but has been effective for them in the past.

Eight years ago the West, faced with the threat of conflict, chose to ignor PRK's clear intent to develop nuclear weapons. We thought we might be able to solve the problem with diplomacy. Recently it has been publically admitted that the PRK has some nuclear weapons. That has been "known" to a whole lot of people for a very, very long time.

Four years ago the PRK was on the point of collapse. Famine threatened to decimate the population and the economy was in the toilet. PRK agreed to cease a nuclear program that they denied existed at all. In return, the United States, South Korea and a host of other countries bailed Kim out. We shipped enormous amounts of food to the PRK, most of which went to feed the Army dugin around the DMZ. The North was in violation of its agreements almost from the beginning, and has used the time since to recover much of its military strength. The populace remain extremly poor. For the past fifty years almost the entire PRK economy has been funneled into its military, and today the fifty miles just north of the DMZ is one of the worlds most hardened defensive positions.

From those positions, the PRK army has prepositioned something like 70% of its military might. From those positions, tunnels have been dug deep into South Korean territory and used for the insertion of North Korean agents and saboteurs. From those positions, it is only 25 miles to Seoul -- easy range for artillery. Moving light machine guns into the DMZ is just another negotiating ploy. "Threaten violence, and the Americans will back down. The Americans backdown on this one, they will back down again later when we are stronger and have more punch." There is ample evidence that PRK tactics have gained support in South Korea, and even on these threads I've noted someone saying... "get American troops out of South Korea, it isn't worth the cost of one more American life." Kim, The Current, is sleeping soundly tonight.

The PRK doesn't want a war, it wants to threaten us and intimidate us into surrender. It is a dangerous game they play. One mis-step, and we will clean their clocks.
 
 
Lash

You are, of course, entitled to stand by your statement. Without some coroboration of your opinion, I suspect you won't mind if I stand elsewhere.
 
 
blatham--certainly you are entitled to your opinion. Given that we are not a Socialist or Communist globe, and do not owe other countries large amounts of money, why do they all expect and recieve ungodly amounts of money from us. Surely it is nice to help starving or flooded countries. But many of these underdeveloped countries are ruled by tyrants who grossly mismanage their assets. My question: Why do we constantly give to these countries?
 
 
Lash

My protest was only with your apparent claim that the majority of foreign aid was directed to prevention of weapons construction (though I do acknowledge that there is foreign aid which is undoubtedly returned to America via weapons purchases by receipt countries from American weapons salesguys). Tons of data on foreign aid here...  http://dosfan.lib.uic.edu/ERC/ercdesk/foreignaidFARQ.html 

As to why the US gives aid to so many countries with bad guys in charge...well, that's not very often for humanitarian reasons at all, but rather to protect the investments of American financial interests or to have pawns in play for the power chess games which imperial powers are wont to engage in.

If more (much more) of the percentage of foreign aid and even military investment actually went towards humanitarian causes rather than what it does go to, I'd be a happier fella - and the US wouldn't have quite so many folks in the rest of the world rudely giving the US the finger.
 
 
 
If more (much more) of the percentage of foreign aid and even military investment actually went towards humanitarian causes rather than what it does go to, I'd be a happier fella - and the US wouldn't have quite so many folks in the rest of the world rudely giving the US the finger.
 

Nothing there to dispute.

timber
 
 
blatham, That's makes two of us! What is really sad is that our government never learns from history. We keep shelling out all those billions for the wrong causes, and oftentimes the people in power only pocket the money for themselves. c.i.
 
 
ci

Oftentimes, I think it is clearly understood that those people in power will keep much of the money for themselves (Marcos, Noriega, the Shah, etc). Forwarding democracy and alleviating suffering are noble and worthwhile motives, just not the ones most commonly in play. How much aid do we suppose would have been marked for North Korea's starving millions if the glorious leader was merely odd?
 
 
OOOP!.... wrong thread. Carry on, pardon the interuption, please.  

timber
 
 
 
Lash

My protest was only with your apparent claim that the majority of foreign aid was directed to prevention of weapons construction (though I do acknowledge that there is foreign aid which is undoubtedly returned to America via weapons purchases by receipt countries from American weapons salesguys). Tons of data on foreign aid here...  http://dosfan.lib.uic.edu/ERC/ercdesk/foreignaidFARQ.html 

As to why the US gives aid to so many countries with bad guys in charge...well, that's not very often for humanitarian reasons at all, but rather to protect the investments of American financial interests or to have pawns in play for the power chess games which imperial powers are wont to engage in.

If more (much more) of the percentage of foreign aid and even military investment actually went towards humanitarian causes rather than what it does go to, I'd be a happier fella - and the US wouldn't have quite so many folks in the rest of the world rudely giving the US the finger.
 
\

You've come around to my point, but squewed it. Can you see how we may give money to produce certain behavior (i.e. which seems to be at the time to aid democracy in an unstable country), but the reality is the money is not used for the purposes we sought due to corruption of the leaders of the country or the money's later use in something that was not on the horizon when we made the transaction. Do you think we wanted Imelda Marcos to have all those damn shoes? You make your best play for propping up Democracy, which we ALL benefit from. We are denounced for trying. But we are trying for the UK, for Israel, for Canada, Italy, the freakin' French (I'm still mad about their short memory)...
The US is not to blame for the corruption of African leaders, of Noriega, of Marcos, or the inability of the Arabs to climb out of the Stone Age. THEY are responsible.

I wish Humanitarian Aid went to feed and shelter people, but as you admit in your post, it goes to protect American investments...you think financial assets. It is for law enforcement protection for American Embassies, citizens abroad in hostile countries, intelligence, and to pay them off for not joining in with the global mob mentality.

We are increasingly living in one town together. The have nots want our stuff. It is not our fault they are in the predicament they are in, but they don't care about that. Try having a philosphical discussion with a mugger. We are, in essence paying off would-be muggers.

The Mafia calls it "Protection Money". We call it 'humanitarian aid.'
 
 
There was a 'town hall' meeting at New York University on the subject of 'how can we help the people in third world countries?' last night. If you can travel to country x, and meet individual m, how would you try to help him? Most of the students thought they needed to help them develop an individual such as Gandhi, who can make dramatic changes of the whole populace. Some thought we needed to help them improve their educational system. Others thought we needed to learn more about their culture, and less preaching about American democracy. One student said, unless we are willing to share our wealth, we can't have everybody in third world countries advance to our stage of economic development, simply because there is a limit to natural resources. Now, where does this fit into this discussion? It just goes to show that any foreign aid that the US gives to leaders such as the one that now represents the North Koreans will do no good. The leaders will only use it to advance their military while the average North Korean continues to suffer depravation/starvation. Our government only exacerbates these problems for ourselves and the world.   c.i.
 
 
A cogent, and very troublesome in it's implication, observation, c.i.
Indeed, getting "Foreign Aid" to improve the lot of foreigners is a difficult proposition. The structure of society being as it is, Administration is required of any activity conducted among governments. Bureaucracies and entrenched power systems being what they are, a great deal of Foreign Aid gets no further than The Administration charged with its dissemination to the intended populace.

The concept itself calls for re-examination. As observed on another thread, there are great similarities between our systems of Foreign Aid and of Domestic Welfare. Neither accomplishes its goal, and the two engender resentment both of and from their intended recipients.

timber.

And, because timber types abominably, while ignoring "Spellcheck", this post was edited upon timber's first reading of its publication to the forum.
 
 
If I weren't so technologically challenged, I'd paste a related article that came out on the AP this morning. "US offers aid to Turkey in the Event of War."
Turkey says they think they need 28 BILLION. (You NEED a certain amount of 'humanitarian aid?'?)
Sure, we'll pay. We have to pay for their support. We have to pay for almost everyone's support.
And this is an example of The Ugly American. What if Mrs. Turkey goes out and buys 3,000 pair of shoes? What if four years from now, Turkey gets a wild hair and goes to war with a neighbor, fueled by this money we're giving them? The world will point their collective, jealous finger of blame to....Turkey? Not when it's so much more fun to blame America.

Why is no one complaining about the Frenchies' military build up on the Ivory Coast? I guess it's OK when other countries meddled in foreign affairs.
 
 
In the mean time, the citizens of this country are losing their jobs and unemployment benefits. Our government is not only "crazy," but heartless toward its own people. Ever wonder who gets elected into office? We have found the enemy, and they is us. c.i.
 
 
Lash
 
Do you think we wanted Imelda Marcos to have all those damn shoes?
 
Yes, I think exactly that. Of course, what she spent her money on is irrelevant, but that she and hubby would get it (tons of it) to spend is precisely what was wanted. Humanitarian concerns in Indonesia were NOT high on the US's list of priorities (East Timor, just for starters) and frankly, they seldom are. Corruption is commonly enhanced and supported by the US (and other western states) because peasant uprisings and unpredictable election results are likely to be bad for business, or to some presently fashionable notion of strategic balances. The 'humanitarian' word enters in here as spin. Not always, but probably usually. Of course, this is not merely morally repugnant, it is stupid in the way that hubris always is. You suggest the 'have nots' want what we have. Sure. For example, the folks in Bhopal have, after all these years, yet to see a penny. I suspect there are not a lot of American flags waving in those neighborhoods.

If your point is that 'humanitarian aid' is a euphemism, or more correctly, a lie, as a term to describe where US money mainly goes, then we are agreed.

If your point is that we (in the west) shouldn't give aid because it will just end up in the hands of bad guys, then, no, I don't agree with you.
 
 
In historic times in North America, the attempts to "buy" land or to "lease" land with the provision of on-going gifts of "aid" (i.e., blankets, pots, hatchets, beads, etc.) was seen simply as the payment of tribute. Those who currently wish to rewrite history by insisting that Amerindians had no concept of land ownership are playing fast and loose with the truth. The Iroquois confederation quickly and correctly assessed European notions of polity and ownership, and "sold" the lands upon which those tribes known to the Dutch and English as the Delaware had lived--saying that the land was theirs by right of conquest. Similarly, tribes which refused the rights of hunting, or even of passage on certain tracts to other tribes definitely displayed a concept of "ownership." When given amounts of goods (such as the $1250.00 in goods distributed by W. H. Harrison at Fort Washington {Cincinnati}--a huge sum in that day) by Americans, they quite well understood the concept of the rights to land use being leased. The problem came with the treaty provisions for on-going aid; this was interpreted as tribute, and the "sale" in the eyes of the Americans was a "lease" in the eyes of tribes, which did not entitle the Americans to make settlements.

A similarly "un-consonant" view of foreign aid arises between all the parties in a modern foreign aid agreement. The American diplomat and the tin-horn dictator probably see these payments in the truest light--basically, either protection money for American economic interests, or support to shore up that dictator as a bulwark against those elements in that nation's polity which are seen as undesirable or threatening by America. The people of the nation recieving the aid may well have had expectations which will go unfulfilled--or they may have had no illusions initially, and they will have seen this money as either a subvention of the corrupt regime, or have seen it as "tribute," in the sense of money paid to keep them quiet, if by no other means, than by the oppressive machinery of the regime. The American public may likely regale itself with visions of hydroelectric projects, agricultural development aid, infrastructure projects--all the things which would make foreign aid a laudable transaction; all the things which it is most unlikely that they will get.

It is interesting to see how the Ibn Saud family has handled this sort of "blood money." Knowing very well how the clan and tribe structure of their region works, they have carefully paid to have housing built, or desalinization plants, or irrigation projects--which projects will be aimed at a particular group, and will be understood by all concerned for exactly what they are. The local government will take as much credit as the situation allows for having got what the people need or want; the local social and religious leaders will understand that this functions as a bribe, or as a form of "protection" money (freely offered to those who pose no direct threat to the Ibn Saud clan, but offered to help prop up a regime in whose survival the Saudis take a close interest); the Ibn Saud clan will wrap themselves in the green flag of Companions of the Prophet, as they seek to assure their continued position as the legitimate caretakers of the holy places of Islam, willing to share their wealth with less fortunate muslims. I don't suggest that the US can behave exactly as does the Ibn Saud clan; but we could certainly take some lessons in real politik from them, and make an effort to get some real value from foreign aid, and not simply be seen to prop up oppressive regimes in order to facilitate the greed of American capitalists.
 
 
ci and timber

You guys are getting into an area (economics theories and justice issues related to the huge disparity of wealth in the world) which is no small potato.

If you head there, I'll follow. But perhaps a separate thread might be more orderly (we liberals LOVE order).
 
 
Nihilistic Reformed Drunken Irishmen, however, revel in the great stew of competing voices, shouting over the din of the late-night hubbub in some seedy, out of the way shabeen.
 
 
c.i.--
I read the article you refer to: 800,000 to lose jobless benefits Saturday. The Senate failed to take up the business of an extension because, as usual the Dems wanted too much, and the GOP believed there should be criteria for those recieving an extension.

After reading the whole article, I agree with the GOP. One woman stated, "I guess I'll just have to work at night, so my husband can work during the day and we can stay home with our children. (!) Yes, she certainly should work if she is able, which she is.

There are plenty of us who worked a nightshift because it was all that was available. There are plenty of people on the unemployment rolls who are waiting around for the job they want, instead of taking the job they need. When unemployment runs out, they run out and get a job.
 
 
Setanta-- I was in complete agreement with your observations until the last few words. Does it always have to be due to the greed of American capitalists? You don't think the US can ever be working in the interests of the safety of Democracy?
 
 
blatham, You are absolute right! We need to watch how much we tend to deviate from the primary issue. Your reminder is appreciated. c.i.
 
 
I was wondering how this got off onto unemployment insurance (which should be a new thread) but I might remind anyone that even though an employer pays that insurance, it's clocked into how much they pay an employee. I suggest that one pays much more into the insurance over a lifetime than they are ever able to collect so a little leniency in their finding a job similar to the one they had is not a handout.
 
 
 
Does it always have to be due to the greed of American capitalists? You don't think the US can ever be working in the interests of the safety of Democracy?
 

No, it does not. But this is what i mean by the several voices in the transaction not being consonant. What Americans as a people may aspire to is not necessarily a part of the real politik of the administration which in fact distributes American largesse. I would much prefer to see our foreign aid go to the support of democratic institutions overseas, and working in the interests of the safety of democracy. I am very sceptical that this will be the object of the administration which disburses these sums.
 
 
One last comment on unemployment insurance. IMHO, both Lash and LW has provided some 'truths' about UI. It's not all or nothing. c.i.
 
 
Excellent background piece from NY Times...  http://www.nytimes.com/2002/12/29/international/asia/29KORE.html 
 
 
The NY Times, along with other media, have in the last few days been carrying reports of mass rapes of women and girls in Shan province in Myanmar (formerly Burma) by the Burmese army.

Though the quote I'm linking here is from 96, who'll want to bet that the same situation does not still apply...

 
But two immediate goals have eluded the activists: they have not persuaded the United States Congress or administration to introduce economic sanctions; and they have not brought about the withdrawal of the oil companies helping to develop and sell Myanmar's oil reserves. The longer-term aim, of course, is to see the junta lose power and a democratically elected government take office. That may take more than the co-operative use of the Internet.
 
 http://danenet.wicip.org/fbc/files/article3.html 
 
 
blatham, Democracy through the "co-operative use of the internet" seems a far-fectched idea at best. Evidently, the government of China also thinks that's possible. They have closed down all internet cafes, saying they are 'unsafe.' c.i.
 
 
Asherman's analysis, presented in several posts on this thread is, in my view, remarkably lucid, complete, and based on fact - as opposed to the supposition that too often serves as the foundation for other estimates of this situation.

The North Korean government remains what it has been ever since it launched an invasion of the South in 1949 -- lawless, acquisitive, bullying and dangerous to the world. The record of its negotiating tactics during the several years of discussions leading to and after the current armistice ending combat in the Korean War it started is utterly clear and compelling. The Clinton administration's foolish attempt to negotiate and bribe this rogue government out of behavior it had already renounced will rank as one of the greatest blunders of the age.

We need to focus clearly on the central elements of its avowed and all-too-evident strategy, and avoid the illusions created by its occasinal offers of negotiations and even rarer episodes of less-than-usual levels of bullying and threatening behavior. We can and should pick our time, but this regime must eventually be destroyed.
 
 
ci

Yes, I'm sorry, I actually pasted in those last two sentences in error. It was the first sentence that was relevant to previous points under discussion.
 
 
 http://www.guardian.co.uk/korea/0,2759,331519,00.html 
 
 
It seems the answer to au1929's thread question is No.
 
 
Although the Korean War firmly identified South Korea (ROK) as a US ally, subsequent US administrations were not always convinced of the continuation of that alliance. Richard Nixon and his National Security Advisor, Henry Kissinger, favored withdrawing troops from South Korea as part of their plan for improving relations with China.
When Jimmy Carter sought to complete the Nixon-Kissinger withdrawal program, he ran into stiff opposition both from the US military and from some of his own advisors. The current popularity of naming Clinton as the fall guy for N.Korea has some built-in historical errors.
 
 
dyslexia,

I'm well aware of President Carter's ill-advised and (happily) thwarted attempt to pull our ground forces out of Korea. However I know of no active consideration of such a move on the part of President Nixon or any of his advisors. Indeed the record of their dialogues with China shows no hint whatever of such a consideration. Where did you get this (mis)information?

You are correct however in that we shouldn't blame only President Clinton - we should also include Carter.
 
 
 
we shouldn't blame only President Clinton - we should also include Carter.
 

US mishandling, bungling, and general ineptness in the matter of dealing with The Korean Question goes a bit further back than Carter. Had Truman taken action other than as he saw fit to do, there might very well today be no Korean Question. Ike, JFK, LBJ, Nixon, Reagan, and Bush The Elder each contributed their own bit to the overall problem we currently face. That Ford can't be blamed for much if any of the present mess is due, I'm sure, merely to lack of opportunity. Given time, he too would have screwed something up over there. We have a pretty consistent record of over fifty years standing.

timber
 
 
 
As United Nations inspectors packed their bags in North Korea today, expelled from country's main nuclear center, many young South Koreans here said they did not object to North Korea's having a nuclear bomb.
 
 http://www.nytimes.com/2002/12/29/international/asia/29SEOU.html 
 
 
georgeob

Let me welcome you to the Politics forum and toss in a quick note: one of the goals we have in the Politics forum here on A2K is a reduction in the partisan posturing and rhetoric that we witnessed, particularly lately, on abuzz or which we see on TV shows such as Crossfire. It seems rather improbable that one party/doctrine is going to get it all right and the other get it all wrong. There are a lot of folks here with impressive smarts and knowledge. Your mannerly and reasonable request to Dylexia for more information to verify is claim is precisely the way in which we go.
 
 
Asherman said:
 
One mis-step, and we will clean their (NK's) clocks.
 
I think this sentence suggests a rather ill-advised enthusiasm, and simplistic assessment, though Asherman may not have meant it in quite that way. If the only factors were the US and North Korea, it seems obviously true - there's no comparison between the two sides. But with South Korea and Japan at real risk, and with China and Russia likely having a different take from this administration's notions of what an ideal world might look like, 'cleaning NK's clock' is close to being moot. The administration apparently recognizes this too, and is heading in the diplomatic direction.

But the arrival of this new problem with North Korea underlines, for me, how unique the three present situations (NK, Sadaam, and Al Qaida) are in terms of resolution. Particularly, it presents the the dilemma of how our massive military strength is far less helpful than it would be in a situation such as WW2.

Most obviously, our aircraft carriers and stealth bombers don't have applicability to Al Qaida (who may very well, particularly right now while the US is being pulled in two directions, send some more surprises our way - a prospect which sobers me considerably not least of all because of the zest for indiscriminate revenge which might result).

Then, there is the often noted and, I think, quite real prospect that an attack on Iraq will put a fire under the Al Qaida recruitment drive (even leaving out the possibility of economic turmoil which might result under some of the uglier possible scenarios).

And North Korea, quite distinct from the other two (who are themselves only related because the people involved have the same color skin and live in approximately the same part of the world for the most part) presents those problems I mentioned above related to neighboring states either at risk of attack from NK or who might even become involved with us adversarially.

I ought to add, as a small addendum applicable to the question at the top of this thread, that the 'axis of evil' speech was maybe a bit ill-advised. This is particularly embarrassing to me as the chap who wrote that bit of sparky prose is a Canadian, David Frum, no longer working in Washington possibly because his wife was bragging on the phone overly much about her husband's contribution.
 
 
Timber
 
Had Truman taken action other than as he saw fit to do, there might very well today be no Korean

 

Specifically what action are you alluding to. Was it thwarting Mc Arthur's ill concieved plan to invade China.  
 
 
In August 1969, President Park Chung Hee and President Nixon met in San Francisco. They issued a joint communique; at the conclusion of this meeting which was significantly different from that issued after Park's meeting with President Lyndon Johnson in 1968.7 Rather than the pledge to offer "prompt and effective assistance to repel armed attack" that his predecessor had made, Nixon agreed only "to meet armed attack against the Republic of Korea in accordance with the Mutual Defense Treaty between the Republic of Korea and the United States."

In 1971, Nixon began to reduce the ground presence in Korea by withdrawing the 7th Infantry Division. After this withdrawal, only the 2nd Infantry Division remained. This action reduced the U.S. military forces from approximately 60,000 soldiers to about 40,000.8 Because of the deterrent value attributed to the American presence, the Korean government was profoundly disturbed by the Nixon decision. As a result, President Park launched a major effort during the early 1970s in the Third Five- year Economic Development Plan (1972-76) to increase the industrial capabilities of his country so that South Korea would become as self-sufficient as possible in the production of military hardware. Park gave particular attention to the development of the iron and steel industries, heavy machinery, transport equipment, and chemical industrialization.9 Quite obviously, Korean confidence in American reliability was shaken by the Nixon troop withdrawal decision at least in part because of policy differences between the executive and the legislative branches and also by concerns that the ROK was not as important to the United States as other geopolitical and geostrategic considerations. The latent fears always just below the surface of the bilateral relationship were exacerbated by this action.
 
 
Lovely research dyslexia...thank you.
 
 
A very relevant analysis here of the uniqueness of asia...
 http://www.nytimes.com/2002/12/29/weekinreview/29SANG.html 
 
 
BBC's coverage on Powell's statement...
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/2613173.stm 
 
 
Friction began to develop in the Washington-Seoul relationship after the United States withdrew one of its two divisions from South Korea in 1971 and intensified after President Park Chung Hee of the Republic of Korea instituted rigorous authoritarian measures under his 1972 constitution. This tension led to an accelerated effort by the Park government to gain support in the United States Congress. The methods used by Seoul's lobbyists ultimately resulted in the embarrassing "Koreagate" affair of 1977, involving former Ambassador Kim Dong-jo and rice dealer Park Tong Sun. Investigations by the Ethics Committee and by the Subcommittee on International Organizations of the Committee on International Relations of the United States House of Representatives received much press coverage and weakened United States support for South Korea.

During his presidential election campaign in 1976, Jimmy Carter pledged, if elected, to withdraw all combat troops from South Korea. His victory aggravated United States-South Korean relations considerably. On 09 March 1977 President Jimmy Carter announced that US ground combat forces would be gradually pulled out of South Korea over a four-to-five year period. Twelve days later President Carter recalled Maj. Gen. John Singlaub, Chief of Staff, US Forces Korea, who had voiced objection to Carter's plan to phase out US troops in Korea. Singlaub was relieved of his Seoul post on May 21. During his visit to Seoul, on 25 July 1977 Secretary of Defense Harold Brown delivered a personal letter from President Jimmy Carter to President Park Chung Hee reaffirming America's defense commitment to South Korea. On 13 December 1977 a group of 219 American soldiers left for the US, the first American ground combat troops to pull out of Korea, and some 3,600 troops subsequently were withdrawn.
 
 
dyslexia,

You are correct in your recitation of the facts of the withdrawl of the 7th Infantry division from Korea. I'm glad to see no reference to a supposed threat by the Nixon administration to remove all our troops from that country because no such threat occurred or was even considered.

Please recall that in 1969 we were retrenching and concentrating our forces to achieve an honorable end to the Vietnam war (if that was possible). Nixon was raising the ante in Vietnam by mining the port of Haiphong and significantly escalating the bombing of the north - a project which had my full attention. There was the threat in the air of the application of even greater U.S. Army action in Vietnam and this action supported it. At the same time the Administration was planning the elimination of the draft and the transition to a professional army (having learned the folly of fighting what was, in effect, a colonial war with a conscript army).

Even your own recitation of the events in Korea points clearly to the beneficial effects of Nixon's action on South Korea's self-reliance and growing political maturity. With a much greater population and economic capability than their enemy in the North they should have been more able to fend for themselves than they then were. They had grown too dependent on our guarantees.

What occurred under the Carter Administration was of an entirely different character. Here our attempted action was motivated by a desire to escape our treaty obligations without visibly repudiating them. This properly unnerved the South Koreans. Jimmy Carter's unrealistic view of events and unsuitability as a national leader has since been well established.
 
 
A note on troop withdrawls. My brother Steven was a member of the 24th Division at the time that the "Big Red One" was withdrawn from Vietnam. The press did not mention that it was replaced by the 24th Division. Basically, my brother ripped off the 24th Division patches, and sewed on First Division patches. At the time that the 7th Division was withdrawn from Korea, i was stationed there. The infantrymen were administratively transferred to differently numbered infantry regiments, which were then added to the organizational table of the First Corps (called, predictably, I Corps in Korea). The 72nd Armor had been attached to Seventh Division at some time in the 1950's. It was reassigned to it's original parent formation, I Corps. What Nixon did was trade cosmetic concessions with Joe Ching. Joe Ching wasn't fooled, and neither were the GI's stationed in Korea, who weren't going anywhere until they either completed their tour, or "ETS'ed."
 
 
In response to the initial question.
I think Rummy is trying to strengthen his position. He probably would like to wage war on North Korea and since the adminisration has been clear that this is not on the table he is trying to set the table to his liking.
 
 
Attention all:

Debate guidelines for the Politics Forum have now been put in place. Please read and abide by them.
 http://able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=2594 
 
 
Just reviving this thread, in light of current developments in North Asia.
 
 
 
U.S. Sends Mixed Signals on Attending N.Korea Talks

Reuters - 20 minutes ago
U.S. officials said on Friday they had no indication that North Korea had begun reprocessing its spent fuel rods but sent conflicting signals on whether they will attend talks expected in Beijing next week on ending Pyongyang's suspected nuclear weapons program...
 
 Talks in jeopardy? 
 
 
I hope, however, that fast and impressive victory of the Allied forces over the rogue regime in Iraq will make N. Korean approach more flexible. I am not sure that Mr. Kim-Jr. is eager to endanger his personal power in favor of dubious theories of his late daddy.
 
 
bm
 
 
au1929,
The North Koreans obviously took it as a provocation. If you mean is Rumsfeld trying to provoke N.K. into starting a war, I don't think so.
I think he is trying to scare them into backing off on their nuclear weapons development.

I was stationed in S.K. in 1969 and was there on business in 1986. My impression was the South Koreans took American Politics much more serious than most Americans did. In '69 they were afraid that Nixon would use nuclear weapons on China if he was elected. They were afraid GHBush would start a war with North Korea. in '86. I think the South Koreans must be scared out of their gourds with the sword rattling that has been going on lately.
 
 
