 
 
Why is Suri cruise's hair so long?
 
 
Why is her hair so long?

Why is it so black?

Is she wearing a wig?

Why does she look Chinese?

Has Cruise's Grand master Operating Thetan level produced the second coming of Xenu the Warrior Princess?

 
 
 
Two threads on this, Andy?

Might you be a tinge obsessed?
 
 
She's not just the president of "Hairclub for Newborns," she's also a client.
 
 
 
Two threads on this, Andy?

Might you be a tinge obsessed?

 

I want to expose the TRUTH!  

*and seeing as i'd gone to the trouble of uploading the image, it seemed a shame to waste it on just one thread.....  
 
 
 
Why is her hair so long?

Why is it so black?

Is she wearing a wig?

 
That's not hair, it's pure energy. It's black because she has to poop. Haven't you ever had kids?

Scientology, pg. 89: "Biophysics only became feasible when it was discovered in Scientology that a fixed electrical field existed surrounding a body entirely independent of, but influenceable by, the human mind...."

It shows up in the photo because, well, it just does.

This should clear it up.
 
 
Airbrushing.
 
 
I don't know who I should credit this article to, I found it on another forum.
But it sounds like rock solid investigation to me!!

SURI CRUISE PHOTO REVEALED TO BE A FAKE

Hollywood - Dateline Hollywood has uncovered the shocking truth behind the
Vanity Fair cover that shows Tom Cruise, Katie Holmes and their alleged
daughter, Suri. It turns out the photo of Suri was actually lifted from a
Sears Studio portrait catalog, renewing speculation that Suri does not
exist.

Few recent celebrity subjects have produced as much tabloid copy as
questions about the existence and well-being of baby Suri. Cruise and Holmes
were hoping the Vanity Fair photos would put to rest the rumors of their
daughter's non-existence.

"I've looked at both photos, and there's no doubt in my mind that the Vanity
Fair photo is bogus," said Donald Reed, a photograph expert who worked on
the Warren Commission Report on the JFK Assassination. "The supposed photo
of Suri came from a Sears Studio portrait catalog. I'm so disappointed
because I, like the rest of the world, was anxiously waiting to see Suri.
Now I know that baby's head just came from some normal non-celebrity
family."

Publicists for Cruise and Holmes have not returned Dateline Hollywood's
calls. But Dateline Hollywood was contacted by George Loewy, a Sears
photographer who says he took the photo of the baby in question back in
1998.

"I saw the photo on the news last night, and there was something about
Cruise's baby that reminded me of someone," said Loewy. "I went back into my
files and did a search, and not only did I realize how long I've been stuck
taking baby photos, but I also discovered the baby that I recognized on
Vanity Fair."

Lowe says he remembered the photo session in 1998 because the baby was
extremely difficult.

"I just couldn't get that damn kid to smile," said Loewy. "A lot of people
don't realize this, but most babies are total ********. I finally got the
beginning of a smile, and that's when I snapped the photo. It was a nice
serene look. Sears liked it so much they put it on their website and several
catalogs. For my efforts, I got a $25 gift certificate at the Cinnabon in
the mall."

Suri was supposedly born after months of nonstop publicity generated by
Cruise and his new lady love including an appearance on The Oprah Winfrey
Show by the actor in which he declared his love for Holmes by jumping on a
couch.

"I don't know what to believe anymore," said Emily McElroy, a Tom Cruise
fan. "I'm shaken to the core. I haven't felt this depressed since I watched
a DVD of 'Legend.'"
 
 
^^ that you can tell is a spoof article. and there is no "dateline hollywood".
 
 
Well yes I suppose I should have used a few smilies or something.
 
 
Wish I could see more than one photo. Because I definitely see light brown wispy hair under that wig. (Yes, I think it's a wig. I'm willing to be proven wrong, could I but see the proof.)
 
 
my sister's baby was born with more hair than suri, and remember, suri is now what? 2 months old? Enough time to grow some major hair.
 
 
 
Why is her hair so long?

Why is it so black?

Is she wearing a wig?

Why does she look Chinese?

Has Cruise's Grand master Operating Thetan level produced the second coming of Xenu the Warrior Princess?

 http://forums.randi.org/imagehosting...1b448688d4.jpg 

 
Atavism?
 
 
