 
 
Toronto Mayor Goes After Shooting Ranges
 
 
From today's Toronto Star.... unbelievable. What needs to be shut down is Canada's government, not the shooting ranges.

Miller wants shooting ranges shut down

May 27, 2008 04:30 AM
JOHN SPEARS
ROBERT BENZIE
STAFF REPORTERS

Mayor David Miller wants to close recreational shooting ranges in Toronto, along with giving the city power to block gun manufacturers and wholesalers from opening new plants or warehouses.

"Nobody can deny that hobby directly results in people being shot and killed on the streets of our city," Miller said of sport shooting yesterday, amid debate on a possible gun bylaw.

Canadian Olympic pistol shooter and downtown resident Avianna Chao begs to differ. She says that if Miller gets his way, it could mean an end to her sport - and it won't make the streets one bit safer.

Miller wants to terminate leases with two gun clubs that have shooting ranges on city property, one at Union Station, the other at Don Montgomery community centre.

Chao, who will head to Beijing this summer to compete for Canada at the Olympics, began shooting at Don Montgomery and now trains primarily at the Union range.

"When I heard about this city proposal today it just absolutely knocked the wind out of me," Chao said yesterday.

The gun debate erupted on a day when provincial Attorney General Chris Bentley and Community Safety Minister Rick Bartolucci were writing to their federal counterparts, seeking co-operation on curbing firearm violence.

"As you know, the people of Ontario continue to have serious concerns about the threat posed by guns and gun-related crime in our communities, particularly on the streets of downtown Toronto," Bentley and Bartolucci wrote in a five-page letter to federal Attorney General Rob Nicholson and Public Safety Minister Stockwell Day.

They asked for a three-point plan to limit gun violence by:

Making sure federal firearms marking regulations are stringently followed so guns can be traced.
Appointing federal prosecutors to Ontario's guns and gangs task force.
Closing legal loopholes that let gun parts be brought into Canada.
At the same time, city staff released a report calling for a bylaw that would allow the city to restrict or prohibit the making and wholesaling of firearms in Toronto.

Only police and the military should be allowed to operate firing ranges, the report says, calling for an end to the gun club leases.

Recommendations would apply to all firearms, including rifles and shotguns. But in a scrum with reporters, Miller directed most of his comments toward handguns.

"After John O'Keefe's tragic killing, I don't think there's any defence for sports shooters any more," Miller said, referring to the man shot in January by a stray bullet. The gun was legally owned by the man charged in the killing.

"It's a hobby that creates danger to others. Guns are stolen routinely from so-called legal owners. It's time that we got those guns out of Toronto," he said.

"Do we as a society value safety, or do we value a hobby that creates danger?" he asked. "Nobody can deny that hobby directly results in people being shot and killed on the streets of our city. Those are the facts. And they're provable again and again and again."

Existing makers and wholesalers of firearms would not be affected by any new bylaw. Nor would retailers, as they're governed by federal law. The staff report says as many as 40 per cent of handguns seized by Toronto police were legally purchased but stolen from their owners.

But Chao said shutting down shooting ranges and banning manufacturers has nothing to do with safety. "Gang members don't visit these (shooting) clubs," she said.

"You have to show your licence and all the paperwork. This has nothing to do with gang violence."

Her own guns are safely stored and locked, she said. She's never had a gun stolen. "Anyone should be able to see through this," she said, "that this is the politicians just trying to say they did something, even though it will have no impact on actual gun violence.... Why don't they go after the gangs? Why don't they go after the illegal trafficking of firearms?"

Chao said Canadian shooters are already handicapped compared with competitors because other countries let shooters train full time. If ranges are shut down, she said, "I don't know how we're expected to compete internationally."

Steven Spinney, firearms safety officer for the Scarborough Rifle Club, was also stunned by the news.

"It doesn't make any sense to be zeroing in on a gun club," he said. "We're an Olympic sport... I'm not sure how shutting us down would help to cut the gun crime."

Participants are required to take a safety course and the club uses only single-shot rifles.
 
 
Here's what one Canadian wrote in response (smart guy):

I have an question for Mayor Miller.

In the area of the province in which I live, many locals are hunters and therefore there is a significant gun to person ratio. While I do not have any definitive facts, I feel quite confident stating that the ratio would be close to one firearm for every person (since often hunters will own more than one firearm).

Yet with all the firearms in my town and those nearby, gun violence is non-existent. I cannot recall the last time I heard of a local incidence of violence involving a firearm being shot.

Mr. Miller, do you not find that rather odd? Small, rural towns in Ontario have many guns yet do not have people shooting each other.

Could it be that you have a criminal problem in Toronto as opposed to a supposed gun problem?
 
 
Apparently, guns in rural areas, where people hunt for food, is not how many guns are used in urban areas. What is the problem with treating guns differently in urban areas?

Anyway, when the intent of the Second Amendment is finally defined, as to whether only a well trained militia is supposed to bear arms, or anyone may bear arms, isn't that the real concern as a U.S. citizen?

If it is defined that only a well trained militia is supposed to bear arms, then those who value their ability to use a gun would then join a militia. Wouldn't that be a benefit to the citizenry, to have a well trained militia?

Aside from illegal guns being used in crimes, aren't guns also used in urban confrontations where rage is the primary emotion? Do you not agree that urban gun laws should not be the same as rural gun laws?
 
 
No, I don't agree. As a law abiding citizen, I insist on being armed and able to defend myself when put into dangerous urban environments. My carrying a weapon in no way increases the chances of violence, as I have no intent to cause mayhem, only defend myself against it.
 
 
 
Anyway, when the intent of the Second Amendment is finally defined, as to whether only a well trained militia is supposed to bear arms, or anyone may bear arms, isn't that the real concern as a U.S. citizen?
 

I have serious doubts that the 2nd amendment can be taken as base for the Canadian legal system and is part of their constitution.

But I may be wrong.
 
 
 
No, I don't agree. As a law abiding citizen, I insist on being armed and able to defend myself when put into dangerous urban environments. My carrying a weapon in no way increases the chances of violence, as I have no intent to cause mayhem, only defend myself against it.
 

Well, welcome to the club of law abiding citizens. However, in my opinion, you are concerned about yourself, and forgetting perhaps that many people would not feel comfortable in a world where they have to carry a gun, to feel safe against a drunk that can own a gun, or the person with road rage that can own a gun, or the person that feels he/she should take out his/her gun before another person "draws" during some silly street argument.

In other words, if the whole country was as law abiding, and mature, as yourself, there would be no concern. But, you are not allowing, I believe, that your high standards of comportment is not everyone's.

Also, as the sun sets, and it is hard to see who is firing a gun, any celebration may just have a few shots fired into the air by celebrants. You see the chaos in society?

But, let's not pursue this discussion, since you have your beliefs, and I have mine. And, I don't live in your neck-of-the-woods, nor you in mine. So, we just may have different perceptions. I try to understand your perceptions; however, in many of your posts, I fail to see you giving credence to anyone else's perceptions on gun ownership.
 
 
Maybe because I think it should be required?  
 
 
 
 
Anyway, when the intent of the Second Amendment is finally defined, as to whether only a well trained militia is supposed to bear arms, or anyone may bear arms, isn't that the real concern as a U.S. citizen?
 

I have serious doubts that the 2nd amendment can be taken as base for the Canadian legal system and is part of their constitution.

But I may be wrong.
 

I was talking about the U.S., since the originator of the thread, I believe, is a U.S. citizen, and his concerns ultimately come down to U.S. law.

Are guns allowed in Germany. Is there an overall EU approach to gun ownership?
 
 
 
Maybe because I think it should be required?  
 

What should be required? Gun ownership? For octogenarians with poor eyesight? What are you saying?
 
 
 
I was talking about the U.S., since the originator of the thread, I believe, is a U.S. citizen, and his concerns ultimately come down to U.S. law.
 

Right, but Toronto - and that's what the thread is about - is a Canadian city.

 
Are guns allowed in Germany. Is there an overall EU approach to gun ownership?
 

Guns are allowed in Germany.

European Union legislators back tough new gun control rules, though, hoping to prevent Europe from becoming a gun-friendly culture like the United States. (The registration of guns is not consistent across the 27 member countries.)

Currently, there are 36 firearms per 100 people in Cyprus and 32 in Sweden, according to the the Small Arms Survey (Geneva/Switzerland).
At the bottom of the scale is Poland with one weapon per 100 people, the Netherlands with 3 and Estonia and Ireland with 9.

In my county (307,00 inhabitants), we've 26,356 registered guns, 6,214 and 20,142 long arms.
 
 
There's no need for a shooting range in downtown Toronto. It may have been an appropriate location a century ago, but it is no longer. The only thing to shoot in downtown is people. There's no upside to adding guns to the city.

I'd be glad to see the hind-end of that particular location.
 
 
Anyplace is appropriate for a shooting range. You are confusing criminal activity with an inanimate object.

What about bowling alleys? People go in them and drink heavily, then throw large objects. Now that sounds dangerous!
 
 
We don't have bowling alleys downtown either.
 
 
Good for you! God forbid!!!
 
 
Pretty much my feeling about it.

~~~
~~~

Shooting ranges, generally a good concept, IMO. In the middle of a downtown where there are already people looking to get into trouble, not so much.
 
 
So you really think that criminal types go to the shooting ranges where they have to present ID and rent the gun, since gun ownership is already restricted?

Is that how you think? I don't want to insult you ehBeth but my buddy Nuge calls that kind of thinking "brain dead". I tend to agree.

Prove me wrong.
 
 
No, I don't think they're going to go rent a gun.

Don't be too goofy if you don't need to be.

~~~

A problem here of some degree is organized crime gang affiliates doing home invasions at gun collectors' - and picking off the collections. My concern has been that they attempt something similar at the downtown shooting range, it gets messed up somehow, and they feel a need to use the weapons. The downtown shooting range is connected to our busiest transit hub. I don't want my commute messed up by something like this.

A hostage-taking on the street outside the transit hub bunged traffic up for hours a couple of years ago. P*****d me off to no end.

As I've said before, shooting ranges in and of themselves, fine. Just not where they has potential to inconvenience my commute.
 
 
 
where they have to present ID and rent the gun.
 

It's almost as easy to fake i.d. here as it is in the U.S., so that was a bit meaningless.
 
 
Trust me, criminals don't go to gun ranges. Besides, everyone running a business like that should be carrying and armed to the teeth. If not, blame your silly government and their rules.
 
 
shikas dick won't get any bigger no matter what the size of the gun he sticks in in his pants.
 
 
Did someone just try to post using food stamps?
 
 
We have way too many politicians who do this feel good shit instead of addressing the real issues like crime and punishment. As a politician, you say "I'm going after guns" and the media will follow you like a pack of hounds.

Say "I'm going after criminals", and they'll say "Who?" (before disappearing).
 
 
 
Trust me
 

sorry, not when it can impact my commute
 
 
A gun range can impact your commute?

Do tell.
 
 
toldja already

keep up
 
 
 
Did someone just try to post using food stamps?
 

Yes, this guy really needs most of his welfare to buy the gas for his cars, especially the Porsche and to invite his guest(s) in exclusive French restaurants at posh wineries.
 
 
kurt, good old friend of ours kept about a dozen guns in his cottage.
he was a keen hunter and we sometimes enjoyed a piece of nice venison from his hunting trips into the woods.
his wife passed away some years ago and he retired to his cottage.
we still kept in contact with him even though he started acting a bit strange as time went on. we just attribured it to him getting older - just like we are getting older.
two years ago he told us about seing a deer at a friend's farm, but by the time he raised his rifle the deer had disappeared. he thought that was a rather strange happening since it is was large open field.

last year his son visited and our friend started acting rather strangely.
the son suggested that dad might want to get rid of the guns and give up hunting.
our friend became enraged, pulled out a gun and started to point it at his son.
the son made a hurried getaway and called the police.....

our friend is now confined to a home and can't understand what's going on.... he wants his guns back...

unfortunately our good friend has been diagnosed with advanced alzheimer's...

(i'm sure that cj would realize in plenty of time if alzheimer's or some other disease would cause him problems in handling firearms properly and would turn his firearms over to someone responsible... we are all thankful that cj will ALWAYS be able to distinguish right from wrong and will act responsibly in ALL circumstances - alzheimer's is a disease that only afflicts other people anyway, isn't it ?)
hbg
 
 
I see dead people.
 
 
 http://www.torontothebad.com/ 
 
 
Politicians always go after the easy targets first. In the 70's and 80's and continuing to this day the EPA went after small to medium sized businesses in order to finance their battle against much larger corporations. I see the same thing happening here.

Screw your government. They don't have your best interest at heart.
 
 
 
Politicians always go after the easy targets first. In the 70's and 80's and continuing to this day the EPA went after small to medium sized businesses in order to finance their battle against much larger corporations. I see the same thing happening here.

Screw your government. They don't have your best interest at heart.
 

The politicians have nothing to do with your concerns, since guns become persona non grata in dense urban areas, and based on the increasing population and expanding urban environment, in a 100 years or so, the east coast will likely officially be a megamopolis. That density of population is not everyone's cup of tea, so some there will don their Davy Crockett hats, and go off into the woods, a la Walt Disney's chronicles of Davy Crockett.

We have no discussion, since it appears to me you have one position on the subject, and that doesn't allow for discussion with anyone other than those that subscribe to your belief.
 
 
Excuse me, foofie, please go back and read the original post.

Also, wherever guns have been banned, crime has increased. The gun haters will come up with stats about "gun crime" while ignoring the fact their gunless socieity is know knifing each other to death.
 
 
 
Also, wherever guns have been banned, crime has increased. The gun haters will come up with stats about "gun crime" while ignoring the fact their gunless socieity is know knifing each other to death.
 

While I doubt your first, I find the second part of your above quite interesting.

You seem to agree that guns are used to shoot is other criminally to death; if forbidden, those criminals change to the knife as alternative.

No-one really will (and can, IMHO) object that.

But those, who are for 'gun laws' don't have to be "gun haters".
(For instance, I was trained as a military sniper - but never used any weapon just for fun. [Actually, I never shot more than I actually had to.]

Shooting sports might be the wright thing for some - but certainly not in an downtown area.
And hunting isn't bad either - though I wouldn't do it myself I like the 'result' on my plate. :wink:
 
 
Why not in a downtown area? It's a controlled range environment after all. What is the issue here?

There's at least two within the city limits of my local urban warfare zone. The only folks shooting each other are the gangbangers and junkies who never set foot in those places. They aren't about to spend $50 practicing with their weapon when they can spend it on more bling and drugs.
 
 
 
Why not in a downtown area? /quote]

Town planning?
 
 
 
You're one of those types.
 
 
 
Excuse me, foofie, please go back and read the original post.

Also, wherever guns have been banned, crime has increased. The gun haters will come up with stats about "gun crime" while ignoring the fact their gunless socieity is know knifing each other to death.
 

Statistics are a non-sequitor in this topic, since crime has increased in urban areas over the decades, and guns have usually been banned in urban areas. Guns would not limit crime in urban areas. I believe you are thinking that guns can be part of a cure for a devolving society. I can't accept that. Guns, regardless of who owns them, in my opinion, are a symptom of a devolving society. Or, a society that has yet to evolve, like the old west. Anyway, if we could go back to Leave It To Beaver days, guns would be a non-issue.

I don't like guns in a civilian setting; therefore, only when needed for the military in combat it is necessary. Otherwise, I think of guns as a symptom of a failed society, regardless of whether it's the good guys, or criminals that own them.
 
 
Over 80M Americans own close to 200M guns. We must have failed.

Whatever.
 
 
 
Over 80M Americans own close to 200M guns. We must have failed.

Whatever.
 

"Whatever" is just too glib to continue this discussion. I put brain cells into overdrive to respond to your post, and you glibly reply with "whatever"?
 
 
I don't see guns as devolving. They seem to get better every year.

AR style rifles are the shiznit for deer hunters. If they don't get it, all they need is one test drive, and they're hooked.
 
 
They're even cool in pink camo.

 
 
 
 
You're one of those types.
 

What "those types"?
 
 
 
Also, wherever guns have been banned, crime has increased. The gun haters will come up with stats about "gun crime" while ignoring the fact their gunless socieity is know knifing each other to death.
 

I'm not a gun-hater, but...

 

according to cj's way of thinking, our homicide rate should be a lot higher than it is

 

I'd consider myself an advocate of some forms of gun control, but gun-hater, no. I quite liked Kurt's air rifle for dusting raccoons bums   (don't tell mrs. hamburger)
 
 
There's lies, damn lies, and statistics.
 
 
Aren't statistics fun? How do you explain the total number of crimes per capita?

 Total crimes (per capita) (most recent) by country 

#20 Switzerland: 36.1864 per 1,000 people
#19 Italy: 37.9633 per 1,000 people
#18 Czech Republic: 38.2257 per 1,000 people
#17 Estonia: 43.3601 per 1,000 people
#16 Hungary: 44.9763 per 1,000 people
#15 Seychelles: 52.9265 per 1,000 people
#14 France: 62.1843 per 1,000 people
#13 Norway: 71.8639 per 1,000 people
#12 Canada: 75.4921 per 1,000 people
#11 Germany: 75.9996 per 1,000 people
#10 South Africa: 77.1862 per 1,000 people
#9 Netherlands: 79.5779 per 1,000 people
#8 United States: 80.0645 per 1,000 people
#7 Montserrat: 80.3982 per 1,000 people
#6 United Kingdom: 85.5517 per 1,000 people
#5 Chile: 88.226 per 1,000 people
#4 Denmark: 92.8277 per 1,000 people
#3 Finland: 101.526 per 1,000 people
#2 New Zealand: 105.881 per 1,000 people
#1 Dominica: 113.822 per 1,000 people
 
 
 
Aren't statistics fun? How do you explain the total number of crimes per capita?
 

By the statistic methods.

Murder per capita:

.........
#24 United States: 0.042802 per 1,000 people
.........
#40 France: 0.0173272 per 1,000 people
#41 Czech Republic: 0.0169905 per 1,000 people
#42 Iceland: 0.0168499 per 1,000 people
#43 Australia: 0.0150324 per 1,000 people
#44 Canada: 0.0149063 per 1,000 people
#45 Chile: 0.014705 per 1,000 people
#46 United Kingdom: 0.0140633 per 1,000 people
#47 Italy: 0.0128393 per 1,000 people
#48 Spain: 0.0122456 per 1,000 people
#49 Germany: 0.0116461 per 1,000 people
#50 Tunisia: 0.0112159 per 1,000 people
#51 Netherlands: 0.0111538 per 1,000 people
#52 New Zealand: 0.0111524 per 1,000 people
#53 Denmark: 0.0106775 per 1,000 people
 
 
You're forgetting to take into account what our inner cities look like. They don't exactly have a european feel to them for the most part. Your crime stats are gonna go up as more and more muslims move in. Non-homogenious populations create more tensions, however, the real problem we have here is black on black crime. It raises those numbers up dramatically.

So, should black people not be allowed to own guns? IMO only if they move to Canada.
 
 
 
 
Aren't statistics fun? How do you explain the total number of crimes per capita?
 

By the statistic methods.

 

Those nationmaster statistics use the statistics by the United Nations (sic!) Office on Drugs and Crime, for the period 1998 - 2000, btw.
 
 
 
You're forgetting to take into account what our inner cities look like. They don't exactly have a european feel to them for the most part. Your crime stats are gonna go up as more and more muslims move in.
 

errr, not so much. We've got quite a large muslim population here in the GTA (not in the city - they live in the nice houses in the burbs). Pretty peacable community for the most part. Some problems but not a source of much significant criminal activity here.

Ya gotta remember,
 
The United Nations has ranked Toronto as the most multicultural city in the world.
 
We dig the mix baby.
 
 
someone who has never lived in or visited toronto (aka trannar or hogtown - because of the many slaughterhouses that once were within the city limits) may find it difficult to believe or understand how such a mix of people can leave together quite peacefully.
when we visited toronto for the first time in 1958, it was a pretty straightlaced and "veddy british and scottish" place.
how things have changed !
walking around downtown toronto, going to the theatre or having a meal in one of the many restaurants, one will see people of all colours and will hear many languages of the world (though the vast majority also speak english as the language of business ).

i certainly have never felt the need to carry a gun while walking through toronto of any time of day or night.

(i should add that some U.S. citizens are "slightly"   annoyed when they find out that they can not bring a shooter across the border and that the canadian customs and border officers will confiscate any weapons one might want to bring across   ).

why not find out why you DO NOT need a gun while visiting canada ?
hbg

 
Toronto's racial diversity

Toronto, with a population of 2.48 million people ( 5 million in the GTA - Greater Toronto Area ) is heralded as one of the most multicultural cities in the world and is ranked as the safest large metropolitan area in North America by Places Rated Almanac. Over 100 languages and dialects are spoken here, and over one third of Toronto residents speak a language other than English at home.

Between 2001 and 2005, the Toronto CMA attracted an average of 107,000 international immigrants each year, The City of Toronto welcomed two thirds (69,000).

43 per cent of Toronto's population (1,051,125 people) reported themselves as being part of a visible minority, up from 37 per cent (882,330) in 1996.

the top four visible minority groups in Toronto were:
Chinese at 259,710 or 10.6 per cent of our population
South Asian at 253,920 or 10.3 per cent
Black at 204,075 or 8.3 per cent
Filipino at 86,460 or 3.5 per cent

49 per cent of Toronto's population was born outside of Canada, up from 48 per cent in 1996

new immigrants to Toronto since 1991 number 516,635, representing 21 per cent of our population.

fully one in five Toronto residents arrived in this country during the 1990s
one in four children between 5 and 16 in the City of Toronto are new immigrants having arrived between 1991 and 2001

while the City of Toronto had 48.7 per cent of the GTA's population in 2001, we were home to:
57.8 per cent of all GTA immigrants (1,214,625)
64.4 per cent of all new immigrants that arrived in the GTA during the 1990s (516,635)
60.4 per cent of all GTA residents identified as belonging to a visible minority (1,051,125)

Toronto has 79 ethnic publications
 

full report :
 MULTIRACIAL TORONTO 
 
 
 
Your crime stats are gonna go up as more and more muslims move in.
 

Even in that idiot post, this one stands out. I'm not surprised, though, to see this clown trying to suggest that one's religion is a reliable means of predicting an increased potential for criminal behavior.

The only way you'd get more Muslims into T.O. would be to use a huge shoe horn. Not only is the Muslim population of the city large (10% or more), but it fits in nicely with all the other communities. For example, the Guyanese and the Islanders--Jamaica, Trinidad, Antigua, Barbados--own many small shops and restaurants, and they sell a lot of chicken and goat, which are both popular in the Island community. They all prominently advertise that the chicken and goat they sell is Halal--after all, chicken and goat are popular among Muslims, too, and they'd be fools not to cater to that large market.

It's incredible to me that any allegedly intelligent and educated adult can live in such a circumscribed and dim world.
 
 
 
shikas dick won't get any bigger no matter what the size of the gun he sticks in in his pants.
 

Hmmmm. I wonder if it has a hair trigger. :wink:
 
 
 
It's incredible to me that any allegedly intelligent and educated adult can live in such a circumscribed and dim world.
 

Well, there's an exception to every incredible thought.

Oh, you mentioned 'intelligent', 'educated' and 'adult'. So might well be there's no exception here.
 
 
