 
 
Safe Passage across Iraq?
 
 
Hi thought id post this as theres a lot of military people here who might have experience of Iraq.

Im flying to Tel Aviv and planning to Cross into Jordan. Im trying to get to Shiraz in Iran which unfortunately means going via Iraq.

I cant go around it to the North because Syria doesn't allow you in if you have an Israeli stamp. (This isn't an issue for Iran as I have a temporary work visa)

I cant go around it to the south via Saudi because im unaccompanied by a male (twats) so, other than flying I have to go through Iraq. Id like to visit Kuwait (maybe get a boat to Dubai from there depending on money).

Is it safe to to travel across Iraq on public transport? It would probably be a case of a bus From Amman straight to Baghdad, taxi to hotel, stay the night then a bus to Basra or if possible straight over the border to Kuwait.

Does anyone know if this is remotely doeable?

I wouldn't normally consider it, but I met a girl last week who had done a similiar thing and reckoned if was safe to do.

Obviously Id be dressed in a headscarf and very conservatively.
 
 
zara，what I want to say is good luck to you。Don't Encounter terrorists or terrorist attacks。Over！
 
 
If you fly to Kurdistan and then pass through, you shouldn't have any issue. I'm not sure how safe it is otherwise for an overland route unless you go through southern Iraq.
 
 
Im trying to avoid using flights (seem so expensive for some reason).
 
 
Not gonna happen.

The Iraqi Embassy wrote back to me - apparently they only offer Tourist visas for Kurdistan. If I wanted to enter through Jordan I would need to hire a British security firm with an armoured car to get a visa. Got a quote for a the 15 hour journey to Bagdahd - £5600.

So the flights not looking quite so dear after all!!
 
 
Good luck
 
 
Probably for the best!
 
 
Probably right...

Thinking of applying for a British passport - that way I fly into Israel using my British, enter Jordan on my British,- but then enter Syria on my Irish passport so they wont know i've been to Israel - then I can go around Iraq via Turkey. Might be a bit suspicious though cause I wont have a Jordanian stamp in my Irish passport.
 
 
 
If I wanted to enter through Jordan I would need to hire a British security firm with an armoured car to get a visa. Got a quote for a the 15 hour journey to Bagdahd - £5600.
!

 

Fun though!
 
 
 
Probably right...

Thinking of applying for a British passport - that way I fly into Israel using my British, enter Jordan on my British,- but then enter Syria on my Irish passport so they wont know i've been to Israel - then I can go around Iraq via Turkey. Might be a bit suspicious though cause I wont have a Jordanian stamp in my Irish passport.

 

Sounds like it would be easier if you just acquired a hot air balloon and wafted around the Middle East like Baron Munchausen!   )
 
 
 
Sounds like it would be easier if you just acquired a hot air balloon and wafted around the Middle East like Baron Munchausen!   )

 

Naw, too many nutters with rpgs
 
 
 
Sounds like it would be easier if you just acquired a hot air balloon and wafted around the Middle East like Baron Munchausen!   )

 

lolll
 
 
 
Fun though!

 

I know - and just think of the bragging rights!
 
 
Safe passage...What are you going to be doing in Iran?
 
 
 
Safe passage...What are you going to be doing in Iran?

 

Oh my works sending me out there - they're opening a new mental health ward in a Hospital in Shiraz and they need someone to train them in some of the new equipment. Its only for 2 weeks, but seeing Im in Israel (on hols) I thought Id make an overland trip out of it - but the Israeli stamp in your visa makes things real difficult.
 
 
