 
 
7 Nations on Neocon Hit List
 
 
 
Some 10 years before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington, D.C., top neoconservatives in the Pentagon orchestrated a major “policy coup” to start wars with multiple Middle Eastern countries and secure total domination of the Middle East in order to take their oil. That’s according to a top former U.S. military officer. In a speech in San Francisco, top Gen.Wesley Clark recounted a memo drafted by former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld’s office in the wake of 9-11 that was brought to his attention by a top Pentagon official. The neocons’ plot, he was told, was “to attack and destroy the governments in seven countries in five years—we’re going to start with Iraq, and then we’re going to move to Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Iran.” Clark said the neocons “wanted us to destabilize the Middle East, turn it upside down, make it under our control.”

While 9-11 provided an excuse for broadening the wars, neocons were plotting a decade earlier for regime changes across the Middle East. Clark cites a 1991 conversation with Defense official Paul Wolfowitz, who said: “One thing we did learn [from the Iraq wars] is that we can use our military in the region, in the Middle East, and the Soviets won’t stop us....And we’ve got about five or 10 years to clean up those old Soviet regimes—Syria, Iran, Iraq—before the next great superpower comes on to challenge us.”

Shocked, Clark responded to Wolfowitz at the time by asking: “The purpose of the military is to start wars and change governments? It’s not to deter conflicts?”

 

 7 Nations on Neocon Hit List | American Free Press 
 
 
When you wake up to the fact that this country is run by International Bankers, JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs, you will see that our military is also run by them.

And if you understand and accept that, then you will also see why we are in the Middle East.

The bad thing is that at the same time the International Bankers are in the process of transferring our wealth to China and destroying our economy in the process with "Green" Regulations. We went from biggest Creditor Nation to biggest Debtor Nation in 30 years.

That was no mistake, it was all planned.
 
 
 
Shocked, Clark responded to Wolfowitz at the time by asking: “The purpose of the military is to start wars and change governments? It’s not to deter conflicts?”

 

Of course the neo-con response would be such actions are an appropriate use of the military, preempting possible threats to our interests.

The problem is such use of the military – to ‘preempt’ and change governments – is illegal.

 
That was no mistake, it was all planned.

 

True. For whatever reason(s).
 
 
 
 

 

Good answer, good answer!
 
 
 
 

Judge jewdi is not a real judge but she is part of the jewish 1% problem
 
 
Clark is your source? REALLY? No documents? No corroboration? Just Clark saying it was so?

And you whine about OUR sources.
 
 
 
 
 

Judge jewdi is not a real judge but she is part of the jewish 1% problem

 

Your Jew Envy is showing, loser  

Jewish Nobel Prize Winners
Chemistry: 20% of world total; 28% of US total
Economics: 42% of world total; 56% of US total
Literature: 12% of world total; 27% of US total
Physics: 25% of world total; 36% of US total
Medicine: 27% of world total; 40% of US total

Jewish Pulitzer Prize Winners
Fiction: 14% of all recipients
Poetry: 20% of recipients
Non-Fiction: 51% of recipients
Drama: 34% of recipients

Jewish Academy Award Winners
Best Original Song: 51% of recipients
Best Musical Scoring of A Motion Picture: 50% of total
Best Musical Production: 64% of recipients

Jewish Tony Award Winners
Best Play: 44% of recipients
Best Book: 53% of recipients
Original Screenplay: 36% of recipients

Kyoto Prize Winners
Jews 25% of all recipients

US National Medal Of Science
Jews 38% of all recipients

Lasker Award In Medical Research
Jews 33% of recipients

Gairdner Foundation Award
Jews 27% of recipients

Alfred Sloan Prize For Cancer Research
Jews 35% of recipients

Priestly Medal
Jews 22% of all recipients

Welch Award In Chemistry
30% of all recipients

Cope Award In Chemistry
Jews 27% of all recipients

Debye Award In Chemistry
Jews 24% of all recipients

IEEE Award In Information Theory
Jews 37% of all recipients

von Neumann Mathematics Theory Award
Jews 40% of all recipients

Clark Medal In Economics
Jews 65% of all recipients

Fields Medal In Mathematics
Jews 27% of recipients

Wolf Prize In Mathematics
Jews: 38% of recipients

Steele Prize for Lifetime Achievement
Jews: 58% of recipients

Bocher Memorial Prize In Mathematics
Jews: 45% of recipients

Cole Prize In Mathematics
Jews: 46% of recipients

Jews Profiled In 20th Century Thinkers: 30% of those profiled

Enrico Fermi Award
Jews 52% of all recipients

Atoms For Peace Award
Jews 52% of recipients

Dirac Medal
Jews 37% of recipients

100 Most Psychologists of 20th Century
Jews 39% of total
 
 
North Korea????
 
 
