 
 
Bin Laden 'probably back home in US'
 
 
 http://archive.gulfnews.com/articles.../10039526.html 

 
By Mahmood Saberi, Staff Reporter

Dubai: If you ask people where they think Osama Bin Laden was hiding, the answer would inevitably be Afghanistan or Pakistan.

But for some reason, a large number of readers surveyed online believe he is hiding in the United States.

In the Gulf News online survey done on May 7, 30 per cent of the responders said Pakistan was the terrorist's likely hiding place. Only 12 per cent said Afghanistan, while 51 per cent said it was the United States.

To double check whether people on the streets are equally paranoid and think on the same lines, Gulf News caught some unwary shoppers and asked them the question. While some people said they would rather not comment on the subject, a large number also believe he is in the United States, as according to them, Bin Laden was once "created" by America.

A Dubai resident said people think he is in the United States, "because he was working for them before", said Daniella Paderi. "And now he has gone back home." The expatriate said catching Osama was not important. "There are more important things to worry about, as the war in Iraq," she said.

Hassan Ali, an Egyptian expatriate in Abu Dhabi, said Bin Laden was most probably in Texas (home of US President George Bush). "That's where he is running his family business now," he said. "All the media fuss is make-believe. He probably has coffee daily with American officials."

Khalid Ahmad in Abu Dhabi also believes Bin Laden is in America. "I am sure they already know where he is," he said. The response changes when an European or a non-Arab expatriate is asked the same question.

Welma Williams said it is highly unlikely Bin Laden is in the United States. She said the online response was to create a feeling of fear and insecurity among the American people. "He is moving around all the time. He can't be in one place," she said. "Catching him is important. We have to examine the whole school of thought behind the terrorist acts. It is more important to understand why it happened," she said.

One expatriate who did not wish to be identified, said she does not think about such things. "Life has to go on. You can't live in fear all the time," she said.

Andy Sheekey said people thought Bin Laden was in the United States because of paranoia. He also felt it was because of a "complete lack of trust in the judicial system. Cracking down on poverty is probably the major thing that needs to be done (rather than hunting him down)". Asked where in the United States would the terrorist likely be, he said "Washington".

John Churchill Jnr. from England felt people were "misinformed" when they said he was in America. "I can't think why he would be there when he is on their number one wanted list. He would be among his people," he said.

Yasmin Ali, an American, felt Bin Laden was in Pakistan because reports say so. "If he was in the United States, he would be somewhere in the backwaters. People probably wish he was in the United States."

Gary Hansard had no idea why people would think such a thing. "It's important for the Iraqi people that he is caught," he said.

Hussain Al Saeedi, an Egyptian teacher living in Abu Dhabi, said Osama was is in Afghanistan.

Sana Shaikh, a teacher from Pakistan, said he is in Afghanistan while Larry from the Philippines said he was in Pakistan.

Mohammad Junad, a 26-year-old bank employee from India, felt that Bin Laden is most probably dead. "All the videos we see of him are all fake."

- Additional reporting by Mohammad Shamseddine in Abu Dhabi
 
 
 
some minds go crazy always
 
 
It's possible, but I don't think its WITH US knowledge. They aren't even looking in the US!

He'd go and hide there.

But the article suggests that he's being hidden by the US, which is yes, crazy.
 
 
Crazy doesn't fit the bill. You don't think the average American doesn't know what he looks like 5 years after 9/11 and his endless media spotlighting? If he's either our enemy or (if you beleive the conspiracy nuts )working with the current administration he's not well liked by Americans. He'd be a lunatic to come to the states.....
 
 
Clean shaven? or with a french beard?
 
 
It would take more than that to blend in, he is a tall man remember...
 
 
LOL   I love polls, they are so funny...  
 
 
...and scientific don't you know!
 
 
It'd be clever, living in the west, maybe a nose job, some coloured contacts....a shave...nobody would know the difference...
 
 
whats the point of postiong just a dumb poll over here,cant be discussed and cant iner anything from this
 
 
i think I saw him in NYC... he was at a local pub.. at 2am.. he had several shots of tequilla... and lying on the ground... stoned
There was a really hot blonde with him before he passed out..

I guess he's enjoying America  
 
 
Now this is getting confusing, first we were made to believe that 9/11 was a Mossad operation and now some would have us believe that Bin Laden is in the US. With a $25 bounty on Osama's head - it would be most idiotic of him to try and hide in the land of oppertunity, and give someone the oppertunity to earn $25 mil.  

Jokes apart the jihadi radio calls intercepted - frantlc inquiries about the well being of the "Amir" - after last year's earthquake in north Pakistan, suggest that Osama is still in some hole in the mountains of Afghanistan/ Pakistan.
 
 
 
i think I saw him in NYC... he was at a local pub.. at 2am.. he had several shots of tequilla... and lying on the ground... stoned
There was a really hot blonde with him before he passed out..

I guess he's enjoying America  

 

I saw him last week! He's running a bowling alley in Wyoming.
 
 
 
 
i think I saw him in NYC... he was at a local pub.. at 2am.. he had several shots of tequilla... and lying on the ground... stoned
There was a really hot blonde with him before he passed out..

I guess he's enjoying America  

 

I suppose he'd have spent the winter in FL with the rest of the snowbirds.

Now I can definitely see him traveling; the Grand Canyon, Mammoth Cave in KY, Yellowstone Nat'l Park, and of course a weekend trip to see Celine Dion in Vegas. Maybe I'll catch a glimpse of him when the tall ships come to Chicago in August. What a photo op that'd be!  
 
 
I thought he was managing a Wendy's restaurant in Billings Montana  
 
 
 
I thought he was managing a Wendy's restaurant in Billings Montana  

 

You think that was his finger in the chili?
 
 
 
Clean shaven? or with a french beard?

 

I'd recognize him.
 
 
It's kinda hard to hide a 6'4" Arab/Persian or whatever he is. He's unusually lanky for someone from that region. You can alter the face, but height is immutable.
 
 
 
You can alter the face, but height is immutable.

 

Oh, I can think of a number of ways to alter his height...  
 
 
 
 http://archive.gulfnews.com/articles.../10039526.html 

 

total crap....  
 
 
 
Oh, I can think of a number of ways to alter his height...  

 

I can too. But he probably wouldn't go for it.
 
 
 
I thought he was managing a Wendy's restaurant in Billings Montana  

 

"Is that for here or to go you american infidel?"
 
 
thier is surgery to make you taller, south aprks very own Kyle under took the negroplasty....lol

seriously chinese chicks are going for it nowadays....

I'd love to shelter bin laden, in my cellar....i'd hold him hostage, threaten to set him free unless i was paid 50 mil rather than 25.
 
 
 
"Is that for here or to go you american infidel?"

 

But I've been getting that for years.  
 
 
 
I'd love to shelter bin laden, in my cellar....i'd hold him hostage, threaten to set him free unless i was paid 50 mil rather than 25.
 

Capitalist!!!!

Me I would keep him in the basement for awhile... beat on him when I have a bad day... give him over to M-21...
 
 
