 
 
Wars, Rumours Of Wars, Floods, Earthquakes, Terrorism -
 
 
What Nex? An International Incident that's what. Between who/whom?

The Republic of Ireland (AKA Eire) and Span Estados Unidos de Mexico (AKA The United Mexican States).

And how did this Mexican Stand-Off come about? Well here's the Griff.

Mr Michael O'Connor of Parliament Street Kilkenny has opened a new Restaurant in the City and is justifiably proud of his new baby which took 2 years from conception to birth (figuratively speaking) when he opened his doors to an appreciative public. Imagine his horror, dismay and general digruntlement when he received a letter from the His Excellency Doctor Augustin Basave of the Embassy Of the The United Mexican States,
objecting to this Irish Eating House.

But Wait! It's not the Restaurant per se that the good Doctor is objecting to. No, No. It's the name of the Restaurant. And what is the name of this fine establishment that is about to cause the severing of diplomatic relations between Ireland and Mexico?

"The Drunken Mexican"
 
 
Ha ha ha, leave it

to the Irish!
 
 
Is His Excellency Doctor Augustin Basave of the Embassy Of the The United Mexican States identifying himself as the drunken Mexican in question? Perhaps his embassy should have a look at him.

G'day Tommy!
 
 
Hi Margo - Misti. I am going to go into insulting nationalities. The Irish are first - I don't want anyone accusing me of favouritism.

Kniocking down a house in Dublin recently, workmen, when they'd finished breast-feeding their shovels, found a skeleton with a medal on a ribbon round its neck. The Inscription read:

IRISH HIDE AND SEEK CHAMPION l910.

Stay Tuned for another insulted nationality tomorrow - As they Say here on Lottery Day - It Could Be YOU
 
 
Tommy: That sounds like a nice, devious plan to me! You go man!      
 
 
I would love to speak Italian but I can't - so I grew underarm hair instead
 
 
Tommy, does speaking Italian enable you to pinch on a deeper level?  
 
 
Hey, Tommy, what happened? I'm missing all the insults for the rest of the week. Where are Monday's, Tuesday's, Wednesday"s, Thursday's and today"s contributions? I know you had a birthday in there somewhere, but isn't it time to get over that hangover?
 
 
Seeing as how I missed several days of Nationality Insults - it was thre regurgitating carrots - I am now back to normal.

"Give me your Poor, your tired, your huddled masses yearning to be free, provided they have satisfactorily filled out forms 3585 A through to 3599 Q".

"Down there" is a polite phrase used by English Public School girls who were taught it by nuns. It is not to be confused with Australia which, though it deserves the epithet, is referred to as "Down Under".

In the world of the British Nanny, there are three types of sin: little sins, big sins and taking off your shoes without undoing the laces.

It is difficult to put a finger on Canadian Charisma exactly because it is somewhere between a Baptist Minister and a Douglas Pine.

Sight-seeing Rome. Rather like a man who earns his living by exhibiting his granny's corpse.

And Last But Not Least - GERMANY!!! TA DA. The German Language sounds like someone in a Boeing 747 being copiously regurgitative in the the Sick Bag provided.
 
 
