 
 
Noob from New Zealand
 
 
Hello Everyone  
I am a noob (in both University studies and this website
from New Zealand  
Bored so doing this  
Someone say hello..... if you want  
Well, whatever  
Bye!!   (OMG couldn't resist)
 
 
Hey  
 
 
G'day mate.
 
 
Hello  
Welcome to  

Any questions about the site?
 
 
Nah no questions as of yet....  
But no doubt they will pop up eventually. I just haven't found the questiony stuff yet  
 
 
Sure thing dude. If you think of anything then PM me  
Questions all tend to be about sigs, rep and socs anyway.
 
 
Sweet as. Whereabouts you from mate?
 
 
I'm at Christchurch now
Garden City
City of boy Racers
And booze ;dancejf;
 
 
Lol hi!  

I'm going there next year with my friends, I can't wait. I've been before, but only north island (plus it was ages ago), I've never been to south  

Good luck at uni mate  
 
 
Gotta love the South Island  
Though north Island is cool too, there are too many crazy people there,  
Hope you get a chance to visit the "mainland" next time you're here.  
And I am gonna need all the luck I can get here  
 
 
New zealand must be far...
 
 
^ It is far  
  jyc89, welcome to tsr. How long did you spend looking at the smilie list?  
 
 
I spend about 2 hours working out the what smilies to use for each post  
It's not my fault there is so much selection here I cannot resist  
I must find the perfect smilie!!!!!;farhan;
And New Zealand isn't far at all  
In fact, it's so close I can see it out the window now;grin;
 
 
;yes; The smilie list is one of the main reasons why i come on here  
I aim to use all of smilies at least once before new year  
There are some smilies which are quite hard to be used in normal discussions though  
 
 
That's what chat is for  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by SmilerNuts
That's what chat is for  

 

I doubt that this smilie   would go very well in chat  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by - skyhigh -
I doubt that this smilie   would go very well in chat  

 

Try it and see. It's obviously there fior a reason. And anything goes in chat  
Ditto the Back Room
 
 
 
Originally Posted by SmilerNuts
Try it and see. It's obviously there fior a reason. And anything goes in chat  
Ditto the Back Room

 

I thought penguin on tsr means LPK, the chat mod  
 
 
LPK got a promotion, he's now a global mod  
I've never called him penguin but maybe you're right  
I'm sure he wouldn't mind if it was all in good humour anyway
 
 
Ah... the land of the long lost vowel... where a pen is a pin, a pin is a pun and a pun is a pn.

Immerse yourself in the cream British culture  here,  we've only regressed since then.

In fact they say NZ is about 20 years behind us, so just stay as you are !!
 
 
Here in New Zealand our buildings are newer,
But technology older.
Because we are like 150 years old as a country
But haven't progressed at all since then  
  OMG THE PENGUIN NEVER DIES!!!!!  
 
 
  The   never dies.
 
 
