 
 
Japan earthquake, 8.8
 
 
Watching live a huge tsunami sweep through towns and fields.

PSU stating that this is the 8th largest on record since the seismograph was invented.

Cars on roads trying to outrun the tsunami, some not making it.

Tsunami warning to Hawai, probably for the West Coast, also.

Just raised the estimate to an 8.9, 7th largest on record.
 
 
Aftershocks, in the 6's and 7's. This is going to be very bad.

Just stated that we will get a tsunami here.
 
 
This is almost the maximum intensity that an earthquake can generate. There will be massive damage all over the place. Truly a sad day for Nippon.
 
 
Depth only 6 miles, about 80 miles off of the Japanese coast. Just about the worst possible case for creating devastating tsunami.
 
 
Showing a refinery on fire. Much smoke in the background. Japan is already calling for outside assistance.
 
 
For tsunami alerts, warning check out here...
 West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Information 

On west coast of California and nothing issued..yet and hopefully not although we high up.
 
 
Yikes...
 
 
USGS website for earthquake information
 Latest Earthquakes in the World - Past 7 days 
 
 
Initial tsunami estimated up to 10 meters in places.
 
 
The Japanese are insane...

My bank's Tokyo office is staying open and is still sending inquiries to us.
 
 
 NOAA 

 
To: U.S. West Coast, Alaska, and British Columbia coastal regions
From: NOAA/NWS/West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center
Subject: Tsunami Information Statement #1 issued 03/10/2011 at 9:58PM PST

This is a Tsunami Information Statement for California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, and Alaska. NO tsunami warning, watch or advisory is in effect for these areas.

Earthquakes of this size are known to generate tsunamis potentially dangerouse to coasts outside the source region. The West Coast/Alaska Tsunami Warning Center is investigating the event to determine the level of danger. More information will be issued as it becomes available.

At 9:46 PM Pacific Standard Time on March 10, an earthquake with preliminary magnitude 7.9 occurred near the east coast of Honshu, Japan. (Refer to the United States Geological Survey for official earthquake parameters.)

Pacific coastal regions outside California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, and Alaska should refer to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center messages for information on the event.

Messages will be issued hourly by the WCATWC until the event status is upgraded to a warning or advisory, or until the center has determined that the event poses no threat to the California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, and Alaska coasts. See the WCATWC web site for basic tsunami information, safety rules, and a tsunami travel time map and table. (NOTE: Travel time maps and tables indicate forecasted times only, not that a wave dangerous to the U.S. and Canadian coasts was generated.)

 
 
 
Will be keeping watch on this one. Going to be a mess and hopefully those in areas affected by the earthquake, and/or any potential resulting tsunami will be safe and be able to get help if in need.
 
 
Possible 2 meter wave for the Oregon coast.
 
 
Well, if anyone is on the coast just be safe.

I have to be up at 6 am and already about midnight here, so really need to try and get to sleep. I will peek in the morning before rushing off to work...(hopefully the job which is a coastal property is not affected by a tsunami)...
 
 
Officials said California could see small waves Friday morning resulting from the 8.9 magnitude earthquake in Japan.
Cindi Preller of the West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center told Fox 11 News that the tsunami could cause some unusually high tides but not major inundations.

It's possible that officials will ask that beaches be cleared as a precaution. She added that the situation on the California coast might be similar to the aftermath of last year's Chile quake. That quake caused some small waves but caused no major damage.

Officials said the tsunami-related waves would occur in Santa Monica at 8:39 a.m. and in Newport Beach at 8:45 a.m.

The latest alerts cover Japan, Russia, many Asian countries and Pacific islands including Hawaii as well as many South and Central American countries such as Chile, Honduras, El Salvador, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru and Colombia.

In Hawaii, officials expect a wave could hit at 2:59 a.m. Hawaii time (4:59 a.m. PST).

Source: NOAA

 Small waves from tsunami likely to hit California on Friday morning; beaches might be cleared | L.A. NOW | Los Angeles Times 
 
 
Cool. See you all in the "Where's California?" thread in the morning.
 
 
Who's helping with recovery efforts?...
 
Doctors, aid workers get to work in Japan
March 15, 2011 -- Mexican rescue squad arrives in Sendai; U.S. search and rescue teams are in hard-hit Ofunato; New Zealand sends search and rescue team as it recovers from its own earthquake; China sends team despite long-running tensions with Japan

 
A massive emergency response operation is under way in northern Japan, with world governments and international aid groups coming together to bring relief to the beleaguered island nation.

According to Japan's Foreign Affairs Ministry, 91 countries and regions and 6 international organizations have extended offers of assistance.

The Japanese government has received 11 urban search and rescue teams, the group said in a situation report, including teams from the United States, South Korea, Australia, Germany, Mexico, New Zealand, China, Hungary, Singapore and the United Kingdom.

Japan's own search and rescue team was in New Zealand, assisting with recovery from the recent Christchurch earthquake, when the quake and tsunami struck Japan on Friday. Here is a sampling of relief efforts under way:

 United States 

 

See also:

Tensions aside, China sends rescue team, money and supplies to Japan
March 14, 2011 -- A seasoned Chinese rescue team helps in Japan; China also is dealing with a recent earthquake; Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao expresses "deep condolences" to the Japanese people; Assistance comes despite tensions between the Asian neighbors

 
A Chinese rescue team was in Japan Monday to help with search and rescue efforts in the aftermath of Friday's earthquake, state media reported. The 15-member team was working Monday at an elementary school in Oofunato, a Japanese city severely damaged by the 8.9-magnitude earthquake.

As the team began its work, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao expressed "deep condolences" to the Japanese people. "China is also a country prone to earthquake disasters and we fully empathize with how they feel now," Wen said. "We will provide more as Japan needs it and we want to continue to help as necessary."

The gesture comes just six months after the two countries sparred in a territorial dispute over the Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea. Rescue team leader Yin Guangfui told China's Xinhua news agency that they have brought along tons of supplies and equipment to aid in the search. The team is expected to work in the area for up to 10 days.

Several of the team members took part in rescue missions following the Indonesian tsunami, earthquakes in Haiti, Pakistan and Wenchuan in southwest China's Sichuan Province. "Chinese seismic workers know exactly what Japanese people feel right now," Chen Jianmin, director of the China Earthquake Administration, told Xinhua in a message to Mitsuhiko Hatori, Director of the Japan Meteorological Agency on Friday. "We are willing to offer assistance to Japan anytime."

 MORE 

 
 
 
