 
 
So.... WHERE is YOUR **Front Porch** located
 
 
So, where are we all from????
 
 
I'm in the Philadelphia, PA, USA area
 
 
I am in Peoria, AZ.   Nonnie, what;s your weather like out there?  

=============================
 
 
Normally in January it is cold;
yesterday and today have been
unseasonably on the warm side.
(low 60's);
Tomorrow is supposed to be cold (mid-30's) again.

robin
 
 
SE WI  ..."A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous." -Ingrid Bergman

Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!" ~Robin Williams
 
 
NE KY
 
 
Tennessee  
 
 
Phoenix AZ

Oh, and  http://forums.ebay.com/db1/forum.jspa?forumID=104 

 
 
 
Hi all! I am from Los Angeles, California! I am an (unemployed) actor, stand-up comic, and musician. You can hear my original music if you click the link on my 'about me' page! Peace! Larry
 
 
N.E. Missouri, From my front porch I watch our horses in the pasture across the road. From my back porch I enjoy our small pond that we swim in in the summer. It is covered in ice now.

Janet
 
 
Hey, thanks for checking in!

anybody else?
 
 
I am now living about 60 miles MW of St. Louis, but am originally for Arkansas. The military thought it was funny, my being from Arkansas and all, they sent me to Cheyenne, Wyoming and I wound up staying there for 20 years.
So I guess my front porch now is is St. Louis and we love it here.
 
 
New Orleans, Lousiana!
"Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it."--Winston Churchill
 
 
Gloucester England
 
 
Central North Carolina  
 

 
 
 
 
bucks county pa out side of phila. pa..
 
 
Hi Joyce!
looks like we are neighbors!
 
 
A little speck on the map called Kingsley, Iowa. Currently -8 degrees outside and blowing...
 
 
BBBBBBrrrrrr!!!! I can only imagine minus eight...
 
 
Lost Angeles, California! Good morning, everybody!
 
 
Minus 8? Sounds like my checkbook balance!
 
 
I don't even have a front porch, Our front door opens straight on to the street.

How bad is that?  

Macclesfield near Manchester England
 
 
On the front of my house   -
.....
 
 
I'm in a little town in Northwest Missouri, population 656. It's currently 10 degrees and is supposed to get down to 3 tonight, burr!!! When I look out our front door, I see CRP ground, and when I look out our back door, I get to look at a beautful pasture with 7 horses and 2 mules. I love living in Missouri, if we don't like the weather today, stick around, it will change in a couple of days! Sunday it's supposed to be in the upper 40's!!
 
 
So, where are we all from????
 
 
I am in SW MO,,,next to the "Pomme"  http://www.pommedeterrechamber.com/  -
.....
 
 
*waves HI to Ffutsy*    ..."A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous." -Ingrid Bergman

Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!" ~Robin Williams
 
 
Shucks,,,,now I feel bad,,,I was gonna post on your thread last night SASSY and never did do it....   Bad, Bad, ffuts -
.....
 
 
Awwwww....... (((((((Ffutsy))))) Great to see you!   How is everything going with you?  ..."A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous." -Ingrid Bergman

Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!" ~Robin Williams
 
 
Doing OK Sassy,,,only about 4 more months of recuperation,,,or thats what they said any way,,,they upped it to a year and a half. Feeling good recently. -
.....
 
 
Excellent!!!  ..."A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous." -Ingrid Bergman

Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!" ~Robin Williams
 
 
Rainy day here in Philly, temps supposed to DROP tonight.

 
 
 
The Pats weren't able to pull out the final victory
for a perfect season.

Hope you had a "Super" weekend.
 
 
Hi from Summerville South Carolina down next to Charleston
carolinajeanie0
 
 
Happy Mardi Gras ! wishing I was on a front porch on Bourbon Street in New Orleans!
 
 
somewhere near Jacksonville, Arkansas  .   I live in my own little world but its ok, they know me here.
.  
 
 
This is out my front porch....looks onto the Tijeras Pueblo outside of Albuquerque, NM. Also looks at Cibola National Forest land (elevation 6400 feet). The pueblo is ancient....still buried with some excavation done in the early 1970s. There is a nice, interprative path around it. I do feel the presence of the 'ancient ones' when I am out in my yard! Oh yes, we hear coyotes on the pueblo every night!  
 
 
New Ringgold, Pa - mud hole in the road, but I like it.
 
 
Thanks to all who have checked in!

Philly is VERY windy and cold
this February Monday Morning!
 
 
Philly got hit with the rain/sleet/ice storm yesterday.
Traveling home at rush hour was a total mess.

Stay Safe!
Stay Warm!

Have a good night!
 
 
Beautiful and muddy West Hammond, New Mexico,near Bloomfield,and real close to the colorful FOUR_CORNERS National monument.
Here is a little insite behind the scenes @ e-greedbay

 http://moneycentral.msn.com/investor/invsub/insider/trans.asp?Symbol=EBAY 
 
 
Nuuu Yok   lol (NY(
 
 
Michigan
 
 
Long Island NY

 http://www.washingtontimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20080206/BUSINESS/853750853/1006 
 
 
South Carolina - "Smiling Faces, Beautiful Places"  
 
 
St. Louis, MO - CO Cardinals!!!
 
 
Santa Cruz, California. Here is a recent surf competition:

-- actual quote from former boss: "Stop! Do not speak! Only I know what is right!"

-- Learn from the mistakes of others. You won't live long enough to make them all yourself.
 
 
Beautiful Florida
 
 
If you are a seller (or buyer) who is
planning on leaving ebay,
will you continue to visit
and/or post to the Discussion Boards?
 
 
So, where are we all from????
 
 
Southeast Missouri..
Waiting on the ice & snow that is suppose to hit.

I am planning on leaving Ebay for a while. I am looking into other sites to sell.
I have 100 pair of shoes to list, just not sure where is the best place.
Have a great day!!!
 
 
we got snow this morning; ice to follow later today.

Will you still check the discussion boards and
just stop in to chat if you leave?
 
 
My front porch is ON THE PICKET LINE watching SCABS and learning where they live. Maybe we can save on shipping?
 
 
hey all!

im in central oregon in the heart of high desert and the painted hills. population 130. fifty miles from the nearest "town".

how YOU doin' ????

 
 
 
to richie1433 from Long Island

How u doin? lol   what part of LI ?
I'm not too far from the boarder of nassau /queens. I used to be able to see "shea Stadium" from the window-but there's so much building that's gone on all over the place-lucky enough to see the sky.. lol
Finally the weather people got the snow predictions right on Thurs nite-Fri... lol
we had bets rolling here the other nite that it wasn't gonna be more than an inch-and gone in an hour..
but i knew different-- we haven't had a snow storm all winter -we were due, and got a feeling there's a few more snow storms sittin up there waiting.
 
 
How is your Monday Morning So Far?
 
 
Good here Nonny- and You?
I'm listening to "polical dribble" on the news.. waiting to hear of something of more importance..  
 
 
Four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon.
Women's networking meeting at Five pm across
the street.
Light dinner fare to be served.
Hope it's something good!
 
 
Happy Friday February 29th !!!
 
 
williamsport pa
 
 
bumping off of page three...

dang boycott posts....
 
 
I just checked,,,my front porch is still out front -
.....
 
 
 

thanks mr.ffutsy, i needed a giggle!
 
 
bumping up for the weekend visitors.
 
 
NE Texas....i've got a wrap around porch
 
 
McCormick Place West
Chicago IL

Great view

Wonderful place to BOYCOTT LIVE!
 
 
My front porch is currently in the lumber department at Lowe's.

My stoop is in Batavia, Ohio.
 
 
HI, FROM TEXAS HALF WAY BETWEEN HELL AND NO WHERE.. BUT LOVE IT EVERY DAY.. FRONT PORCH LOOKS INTO THE WOODS AND THE BACK PORCH LOOKS AT A DOUBLE CAR GARAGE AND A BARN ALL OF STUFF TO BE LISTED SOON, BUT ON ANOTHER SITE... CAN'T STAND BEING MADE A FOOL OF. IF THEY EVERY CHANGE THEIR POLICY I MAY BE BACK...
 
 
anybody's Front Porch overlooking the
traffic jam on I-95 in Philly?

They just found a major crack in a
support beam and have part of 95 shut down
for the next few days.
better now than to have it collapse!

But what a mess!
Glad I dont have to drive 95!
 
 
bumping up with some wisdom posted on another thread: I don't think its necessary for all the folks who never posted on "The Porch" to repeatedly start new threads... I doubt if Ebay is even paying attention to them. No one from eBay visits the Porch as can be seen by the fact that we have over 106 pages of posts. No other Discussion Board has this many pages of posts that go back as far as the ones left here.   P.S. I was advised that this fact was brought up at last years "eBay Live" when there were only 75-80 pages of threads! And that it was a glitch that would be fixed. Obviously NO ONE at eBay cares about anyone who posts at The Porch!  
 
 
Wow. I lied. Some posts HAVE disappeared.
We are down to 103 pages of posts!

 
 
 
I am located in Johannesburg, South Africa, does that make me non-U?
 
 
Wednesday morning BUMP
 
 
What is a non-U ? Hi Johannesburg, South Africa,,,,now sure I have talked to anyone from there before,,,maybe you could stop by the international thread sometime.   -
.....
 
 
So, where are we all from????
 
 
I bumped up "International hand out" thread so you could find it.   -
.....
 
 
Wishing you a wonderful Weekend.
 
 
Wishing you a great weekend.
~robN~
 
 
Bump from a warm and sunny United Kingdom...  
 
 
Hello, from Cleveland Ohio... (well right out side cleveland) It is chilly here today!! Wasn't spring suppose to be here? I won't be here on ebay much longer.. Bad selling and don't like the new way of feedback.. My 100% just went to 97% over nite. Bad things are going to happen to ebay if they don't watch out... I'm going out to my pond and watch the waterfall... Later....
 
 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Weekend.
 
 
Happy Fourth of July  
 
 
We had another beautiful day her in the Ozarks. -  
.....
 
 
Her = here -  
.....
 
 
NOW????
Sin City.....Las Vegas,Nv
 
 
I am in Pasco county, Florida. Actually, I refer to it as "should have Passed Go and not have stopped" florida.The land of Wizard Substitute teachers, unswimmable beaches and the strip clubs and churches pretty much equal each other.

My front porch is my front garden. I have a hidden oasis where we've left the trees to their own devices. They have grown tall and one tree turned out to be a Lime tree when left alone. I have 2 gnomes guarding my small wishing well. Apparently, my oasis is so peaceful that gaggles of Muscovey duck families use it as a hot-sheet motel, which always leads to large families of ducks that also use it to rest. It's not that big, so it kind of smells right now and we have to power wash the concrete where all of these ducks hang around. However, they are really cute. They drink from the pot that my gnome holds as they stretch their feet. My little children have watched them grow quickly from little chicks to almost adults. We have watched how they communicate with each other and the dynamic when the grumpy father duck shows his face and bosses them all around. Ducks bite each others behinds when they need to communicate a strong point, this has been a source for amusement for my kiddos.
 
 
Belleville Illinois here flat land, cows, and corn!!! NOTHING ELSE!!!
 
 
Soybeans,,,,   Here is part of my front porch:   -  
.....
 
 
Answer to original question,,,, Under my plants   -  
.....
 
 
How to find someone near where I live, to help me a eBay!

I'm new,trying to start selling, and I need some HELP!!

I'm LOST, and need some support.

Tks
Eastern NC
 
 
I need support to,,,things are beginning to sag   -  
.....
 
 
bbmountainbeach (Private ) View Listings | Report Jul-15-08 03:48 PDT 86 of 87
How to find someone near where I live, to help me a eBay!

I'm new,trying to start selling, and I need some HELP!!

I'm LOST, and need some support.

Tks
Eastern NC  
 
 
. -  
.....
 
 
I'm in beautiful northern Michigan Here's the view from my porch
 
 
Brimfield, Ma.
 
 
Mac,,,beautiful view..... Hello Mr Wilson   -  
.....
 
 
Howdy yall! Brisbane is where my front door sits. Down Under. or on top which ever way you look at it. Pretty cool down here this time of the year, we'll be coming into Spring in September, Can't wait. I hate the cold. I envy yall sitting at your monitors in your shorts and singlets with the fan running.
 
 
Greetings AKAYA,,,,, don't know what a singlet is,,,sounds like a one sided bra   ;-D Oh,,,so nice to meet ya   -  
.....
 
 
LOL at D. One sided bra, now that paints a funny picture. Yall might call them "wife beaters". I think i heard this on a yankee sitcom a while back. Do you live in a place where you can walk down the road and not get shot??
 
 
So, where are we all from????
 
 
HMMMMM,,,still got me confused as to what a singlet is, This is a big hunting and fishing area,,,never been shot at yet   -  
.....
 
 
FF try this link, I never thought you'se wouldn't use this terminology. what do you call them??  http://www.modalingerie.com.au/catalogue/category38/product260 . This is what we wear in summer over here with shorts and thongs(flip flops). Gets up around 40 degrees celsius where we are in the sub tropics, that's 104 farinhiet. Suppose to rain today, but it doesn't look like it. Do your weather people get it right most of the time over there?? Ours average about 50-60%.
 
 
OK,,,now I got ya,,,I have some of those but never wear them,,,don't have any muscles to show off   Weather people do not get it right anywhere hahahahahahaahah We had 103 F about two weeks ago,,,cool around here now,,,high of 81 F today. -  
.....
 
 
Chatty bunch here lately -  
.....
 
 
Hey Futts! Yup, a bunch of gabbers, for sure!  

Hope things are going good for you!  

Snipe??
 
 
Hi Nonny!!! ffutsy!!! course you guys already know where I live... but for anyone else... I live in Sunny South carolina!  
  "one smile,one day at a time" I believe that friends are quiet angels who lift us to our feet when our wings have trouble remembering how to fly

"one smile,one day at a time" I believe that friends are quiet angels who lift us to our feet when our wings have trouble remembering how to fly
 
 
I am south of ohios capital, cowtown.
My front porch looks out over the trees on my property and across a farmers field. Interstate 71 is off in the distance. Pure heaven.
 
 
sounds nice..I see a highway, traffic and businesses... before here tho. I lived in the mountains of West Virginia, you know, Almost Heaven West virginia... and it really is, the people are wonderful, the living is good, but the water is red as rust!!!  
  "one smile,one day at a time" I believe that friends are quiet angels who lift us to our feet when our wings have trouble remembering how to fly

"one smile,one day at a time" I believe that friends are quiet angels who lift us to our feet when our wings have trouble remembering how to fly
 
 
NW Oregon
 
 
I see we are all back on the second page again..... -  
.....
 
 
Almost again,,,,,   -  
.....
 
 
Happy Friday!

Hello to all the Parkies coming for a visit!

 
 
 
I just looked again,,,it is at the opposite end of the house as the back porch. -  
.....
 
 
 
I'm in beautiful northern Michigan Here's the view from my porch  
 

If Hobbits weren't so blinded to the outer world, they would have been able to take this as a joke... at the movies, I awaited the laughter, and it never came... I kinda felt for poor Bilbo's plight of new discovery!
 
 
omg... where am I?

how did I get here?

why am i here?

what? the ? ya know/??

okay, whew... open to conversation I 'spose

pleez remember, if I'm asleep when you enter my room, be very, very quiet...
 
 
Marion,In.
 
 
Greetings from central coast just 100 kms from Sydney Australia.
Very cold here ATM with the chance of rain.how are you all going??  
 
 
Syracuse, New York

Lynn
 
 
WOW,,, I am so happy to see some new and interesting posters here this month. HelioT,,, best of luck on raising the money for Leukemia. Hyiq, love your ME page,,, also what a need view from your Porch. I will whisper the above if you are asleep. Hi Craneoperator,,, Ya talk much ? OH,,, I am still in SW Missouri,,, sitting on my couch.  
.....
 
 
Here is the link again for Helio.... in case you didn't look the first time:    http://pages.teamintraining.org/wcny/peakseas11/lengelbret 
.....
 
 
Awww, thanks for re-posting that. I signed up when my friend, another longtime eBay seller, found out her son has leukemia.

Lynn
 
 
 
.....
 
 
Helio,,, I don't think any of those beautiful dresses will fit me,,, besides the neighbors might start talking if I began to wear a dress... LOL I have a nephew who survived Leukemia and again:  http://pages.teamintraining.org/wcny/peakseas11/lengelbret 
.....
 
 
