 
 
Has the percentage of gay people always been the same?
 
 
In proportion to the world population? But obviously not as open about it as people are now.
 
 
Who knows...

I could be gay, but I've not told any sources... therefore any figures can't be accurate.

No one knowss.
 
 
Is kelly holmes a lesbian?
 
 
EH?
 
 
This isn't a ****ing current affair is it?
 
 
Yes, the percentage of gays in Ancient Egypt was 13%. Today it is also 13%.
 
 
Well, it's difficult to say considering the people who WERE actually gay pretty much before the 60's (and were found out) tended to be beaten to death with sticks. So it wasn't really something people tended to admit on a survey or whatnot... and therefore is pretty difficult to answer that question.
 
 
Depends really.

Homosexuality is a strange thing

If it were biological, then you'd think that homosexuality would have 'died out' by now, given how it isn't exactly the best characteristic to have if you want to reproduce.

If it were purely due to one's upbringing, then homosexuality would be much less 'fixed' than it actually is, that is to say people could become straight, or gay, purely through teaching.

I'd take a guess that homosexuality is as prevalent now as it has ever been, in the sense of the amount of homosexual individuals in society.

However, the levels of homosexual practice and openness are much higher than they've ever been, at least in our society anyways.
 
 
 
If it were biological, then you'd think that homosexuality would have 'died out' by now, given how it isn't exactly the best characteristic to have if you want to reproduce.

 

There are evolutionary explanations that explain homosexuality and also explain certain patterns in homosexuality.
 
 
 
Depends really.

Homosexuality is a strange thing

If it were biological, then you'd think that homosexuality would have 'died out' by now, given how it isn't exactly the best characteristic to have if you want to reproduce.

 

Many homosexuals would have gotten married and had children due to immense pressure from society at the time, so it could have lived on.
 
 
ancient greece
 
 
