 
 
"Obamaville" In Hawaii Spans 50 Acres
 
 
Coming to a state near you:
 Huge tent city takes root - Hawaii News - Staradvertiser.com 

 
Doran J. Porter, executive director of the Affordable Housing and Homeless Alliance, believes more and more homeless encampments like the one behind Waipahu High School are springing up on Oahu as Honolulu police and city officials continue to push Oahu's homeless off of beaches and out of city parks.
 

 
 
hope and change BABY  
 
 
Obamaville is the wrong name. The proper one is: Obama Center for Hope and Change.
 
 
The last report of bums in Oahu had to do with bus sanitation, as in: "Out, The Window, You Must Go," or some such concept.

The real Venice Beach, CA, admonition is more, "In the toilets, you must go, you must go, you must go!" kind of advice. Then the toilets became "unisex," and apparently livable--or whatever anyone calls passed out, standing straight up--and barefoot! That is how we know our new "friendllies," on the beach, looking for homes(?). Actually, that is what certain species of crabs do, but "homeless," they are called: At Venice Beach, in CA.

Venice Beach, CA, has had the similar problem, annually: Since about 1947. One outcome of, "The Reagan Trajectory," was not just "40 acres and a mule," of some other Republican program--that subsequent the famous, "Abraham Lincoln Center for Crisis Management," policy initiatives. Thanks to Reagan-Bush, upwards of 50,000 Los Angeles inner city gang members would show up on Sunday afternoons, about 4:00 p.m., for the weekly Sunday, Social sSroll up and down the famous mile of Ocean Front Walk. Reagan-Bush was like that, for America!

The normal vagrants actually had to give way, after Reagan-Bush! It did have a lot in common with large parts of America, post Abraham Lincoln, called "Reconstruction!"

After about three years, the shooting finally started. The South after Lincoln would experience that, too--many, many decades, before. After Reagan-Bush, the LAPD Swat Team was able to deploy from the waves to one of the Venice area city streets--in two directions--and clear anything moving off of anything passable. On three subsequent weekends, the Black Maria vehicles would simply zig-zag up the Ocean Front Walk, with loudspeakers proclaiming several municipal and state ordinances being violated by anyone in their path.

Having the vehicles stop, was not an option. The cute little white hoods, and sheets, were not even visible, if any!

("Birth Of A Nation," Maybe?!)

It actually worked better than the famous movie, "Jaws," the more Massachusetts concept! The gang members left, and generally now and then, only drift back in tiny groups, every-so-often. They probably still do pack the 37 reasons they have nothing to fear on the coast! "It's a nice place to visit, but don't go near the sidewalks," mainly now means that the "campers" now deploy on the park-like level grass near the newly dedicated skate area!

We even have crowds on Venice Beach, in CA, even now!

We even have vagrants on Venice Beach, in CA, even now!

Millions show up, even now, to even see it all for themselves!

No doubt Oahu, has experienced the phenomenon(?)!

"Crow, James Crow: Shaken, Not Stirred!"
(At Venice Beach even: T-Shirt Painting is better than school, and maybe more lucrative than UC yet to happen, in the coming fiscal year--which is currently on hold!)
 
 
BumsReaganVenicebumsReaganbumsBushOahuReagan.

Forget the fact that Hawai'i has been run by the left since its admission to the U.S.  
 
 
Obama's gonna pitch my tent!
 
 
Oh Look.
Their is even a completely brainwashed asshole living there !
 
 
In his alleged birth state too! One of our 57 states!
 
 
Admittely, sometimes it is only bottomless.

Millions come, from around the Civilized Worlds, To See, and even denigrate: Venice Beach. Anyone can now notice that Millions regard it, just like school: Where little kids are sent daily to be denigrated into lives of freedom(?), which is like that! Millions also regard it just like the world of business, of our bountiful planet of prosperity for all(?)!

Nairobi and Port Au Prince are not well represented, however: Where orphans come from.

"Crow, James Crow: Shaken, Not Stirred!"
(Eight-Treys, Rollin' 60's, 18th Street Gang, Shoreline Crips--and many tribes--Not Where Orphans come from!)
 
 
 
Oh Look.
Their is even a completely brainwashed asshole living there !
 
Um...I don't think that there are a whole lotta oak trees in Hawai'i.  
 
 
When you are broke as a joke, try gettin' a bus ticket out of Hawaii to the mainland.
 
 
