 
 
I am sooooo shocked...
 
 
url=http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2006/03/05/1141493547376.html]Iranian negotiator boasts of fooling Europeans[/url]
By Philip Sherwell in Washington
March 6, 2006

THE man who for two years led Iran's nuclear negotiations has laid out in unprecedented detail how the regime took advantage of talks with Britain, France and Germany to forge ahead with its secret atomic program.

In a speech to a closed meeting of leading Islamic clerics and academics, Hassan Rowhani, who headed talks with the so-called EU3 until last year, revealed how Tehran played for time and tried to dupe the West after its secret nuclear program was uncovered by the Iranian opposition in 2002.

He boasted that while talks were taking place in Tehran, Iran was able to complete the installation of equipment for conversion of yellowcake - a key stage in the nuclear fuel process - at its Isfahan plant while convincing European diplomats that nothing was afoot.

"From the outset, the Americans kept telling the Europeans, 'The Iranians are lying and deceiving you and they have not told you everything'. The Europeans used to respond, 'We trust them'," he said.

Revelation of Mr Rowhani's remarks comes at an awkward moment for the Iranian Government, before a meeting today of the United Nations atomic watchdog, which must make a fresh assessment of Iran's banned nuclear operations. The International Atomic Energy Agency's judgement is the final step before the case is passed to the UN Security Council, where sanctions may be considered.

In his address to the Supreme Council of Cultural Revolution, Mr Rowhani appears to have been seeking to rebut criticism from hardliners that he gave too much ground in talks with the Europeans. The contents of the speech were published in a regime journal that circulates among the ruling elite.

He told his audience: "When we were negotiating with the Europeans in Tehran we were still installing some of the equipment at the Isfahan site  In reality, by creating a tame situation, we could finish Isfahan."

America and its European allies believe that Iran is clandestinely developing an atomic bomb, but Tehran insists it is merely seeking nuclear energy for peaceful purposes.

Iran's negotiating team engaged in a last-ditch attempt last week to head off Security Council involvement. In January the regime removed atomic energy agency seals on sensitive nuclear equipment and last month it resumed banned uranium enrichment.

Iran is trying to win support from Russia, which opposes UN sanctions, having tried unsuccessfully to persuade European Union leaders to allow it more time. Against this backdrop, Mr Rowhani's surprisingly candid comments on Iran's record of obfuscation and delay are illuminating.

In a separate development, the opposition National Council of Resistance of Iran has obtained a copy of a confidential parliamentary report making it clear that Iranian MPs were also kept in the dark on the nuclear program, which was funded secretly, outside the normal budgetary process.
 
 
Sounds familiar, eh?
 
 
You are shocked about what, McG? That Tehran tried to hide its program? Well, they failed, didn't they. In other news, this happened today:

 
 Watchdog Clears Way For Security Council Action on Iran 

The UN nuclear watchdog has opened the way for Security Council action against Iran over its nuclear program, sparking angry reactions from Tehran which threatened the US with "harm and pain" for leading the charge.

A report on Iran's program, which the West fears is hiding a covert drive for the atom bomb, will now be sent to the UN body in New York, US ambassador Gregory Schulte told reporters in Vienna.

A top US official in Washington said the dossier would be brought up next week at the Security Council. "If Iran doesn't respond to words, we believe the world community should entertain the possibility of sanctions," Under Secretary of State Nicholas Burns told a House of Representatives
committee. "But it's going to be incumbent upon our allies around the world to show that they are willing to act," he added.

ElBaradei hopeful of political settlement

In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency wrapped up a three-day regular meeting that focused Wednesday on the Iranian standoff, with an assessment by IAEA director Mohamed ElBaradei.

He said it was still possible to reach a political settlement and urged all sides to "lower the rhetoric" to achieve this. "This is simply a new phase of diplomacy, an extension of diplomatic efforts to find a solution," ElBaradei said.

Unlike the IAEA, the Security Council has enforcement powers and can impose punitive measures, including sanctions. Europe and the United States have led the drive for action, saying Iran has hidden the truth about its nuclear program and should not be allowed to enrich uranium, which can provide the fuel for civilian reactors but also, in highly enriched form, the material for atomic weapons.

"Iran has not met the conditions at the IAEA" to suspend all enrichment and cooperate fully with inspectors, Burns said.

[...]
 
 
 
It was sarcasm oe. Sorry you didn't grasp that.
 
 
Oh, I did. However, it's hard to guess the intention of your post, your opinion on the issue or whatever.

Always a bit of a problem when people just cut-and-paste.
 
 
 
Oh, I did. However, it's hard to guess the intention of your post, your opinion on the issue or whatever.

Always a bit of a problem when people just cut-and-paste.
 

Good point!

This (I think) is a discussion forum, not a bulletin board.
 
 
And look at the discussion the initial post has made... amazing how that works, huh?
 
 
Not much of a discussion so far, but I'm always willing to help out....
 
 
Since no one wants to initiate a discussion let me, for grins, be the devil's advocate.

What would you do if you were Iran?

Eat humble pie and do everything America and Israel tells you to do?
 
 
If Iran detonates a nuclear weapon somewhere and millions are killed in a horrible way.... I'll just share McGentrixs joy in him being able to say I told you so.....
 
 
If the United States had not made such a mess of Iraq, we would not have so much trouble from Iran. We have dealt Iran a very strong hand and weakened the very forces within Iran who are reformist and sympathetic to the West. Lets be absolutely clear on one thing though, if the Iranian government wants to get its hands on nuclear weapons, IT WILL DO SO.
 
 
If the United States and England had minded their own damned business in 1953, instead of organizing a phoney coup d'etat on behalf of the Shah (U.S.) and an oil embargo (U.K.) against the leagally elected and popular government of Mohammed Mosedegh, we wouldn't be having this discussion.
 
 
If the British lost to the Germans in the African theater during WW2, we would not be having this problem today.
 
 
Enough of the "what if" the past were different. Shucks the participants here don't even completely agree on what it was in the past that led to our present in Southwest Asia.

The fact is that present day Iran is led by a radical and fanatic Muslim who denies the Holocaust happened, and openly calls for the utter destruction of Israel by any means available. Iran today is a bastion of Islamic radicalism providing sancturaries and logistical bases for international terrorism. Iran is fueling the violence in Iraq by its words and the supply of weapons, munitions and "technical advisors". Iran, with some of the largest petroleum reserves on the planet, insists that it is only refining bomb-grade radioactive materials to fuel electrical power plants. Iran and the DPRK are fast friends and partners in snubbing their noses at the rest of the world. Both Iran and the DPRK enjoy threatening regional and world peace if their blackmail is not acceded to. Neither can be negotiated in a diplomatic manner, neither will accept any compromise not accompanied by a credible threat. Both disregard treaty obligations and make a virtue of lying. Both seem to glory in being international outlaw states, where human rights are regularily ignored and subject to either the whim of a single tyrant, or a cabal of religious zealots. They are a pretty pair who deserve all the fawning excuses made for them by those who they would love to destroy.

The duplicity and dangers that these two represent should not suprise nor shock anyone with the least knowledge of their past and present behavior. The danger is not from some mythical conspiracy by an imperial-minded Republican administration in Washington D.C., but by a relatively small number of international outlaws bent upon imposing their despotic ideas upon their region and the world. If there is to be world stability and a diminuation of regional/world violence, these sort of rogue states can not remain unopposed, and their blackmail should never be paid.

I believe that the number of terrorist-supporting states today is less than it was on 9/11, and that the current policies followed by the U.S. and Britain is, on the whole, the proper response to the situation. Building a stable and responsible government in Iraq is a mighty task, but one that holds great promise for "breaking the back" of international terrorism. The road will be long and costly in blood and treasure, but that doesn't make the goal less desirable for the world and the people of Iraq.
 
 
 
Enough of the "what if" the past were different. Shucks the participants here don't even completely agree on what it was in the past that led to our present in Southwest Asia.

The fact is that present day Iran is led by a radical and fanatic Muslim who denies the Holocaust happened, and openly calls for the utter destruction of Israel by any means available. Iran today is a bastion of Islamic radicalism providing sancturaries and logistical bases for international terrorism. Iran is fueling the violence in Iraq by its words and the supply of weapons, munitions and "technical advisors". Iran, with some of the largest petroleum reserves on the planet, insists that it is only refining bomb-grade radioactive materials to fuel electrical power plants. Iran and the DPRK are fast friends and partners in snubbing their noses at the rest of the world. Both Iran and the DPRK enjoy threatening regional and world peace if their blackmail is not acceded to. Neither can be negotiated with in a diplomatic manner. Neither will accept any compromise not accompanied by a credible threat of military action. Both disregard treaty obligations and make a virtue of lying. Both seem to glory in being international outlaw states, where human rights are regularily ignored and subject to either the whim of a single tyrant, or a cabal of religious zealots. They are a pretty pair who deserve all the fawning excuses made for them by those who they would love to destroy.

The duplicity and dangers that these two represent should not suprise nor shock anyone with the least knowledge of their past and present behavior. The danger is not from some mythical conspiracy by an imperial-minded Republican administration in Washington D.C., but by a relatively small number of international outlaws bent upon imposing their despotic ideas upon their region and the world. If there is to be world stability and a diminuation of regional/world violence, these sort of rogue states can not remain unopposed, and their blackmail should never be paid.

I believe that the number of terrorist-supporting states today is less than it was on 9/11, and that the current policies followed by the U.S. and Britain is, on the whole, the proper response to the situation. Building a stable and responsible government in Iraq is a mighty task, but one that holds great promise for "breaking the back" of international terrorism. The road will be long and costly in blood and treasure, but that doesn't make the goal less desirable for the world and the people of Iraq.
 
 
 
Sorry for the duplication. I'm not sure how it happened. I went back to edit (common for me), and must have hit a wrong key. The second post is more nearly what I wanted to say.
 
 
 
If the United States and England had minded their own damned business in 1953, instead of organizing a phoney coup d'etat on behalf of the Shah (U.S.) and an oil embargo (U.K.) against the leagally elected and popular government of Mohammed Mosedegh, we wouldn't be having this discussion.
 
Well thats true of course. But then Mossedegh had the cheek to insist that the oil BP (Anglo iranian oil company) was extracting from land of Iran was some how Iranian and not British.
 
 
 
If the British lost to the Germans in the African theater during WW2, we would not be having this problem today.
 

That does not necessarily follow. A loss of the Suez would not have materially affected the Commonwealth war effort in 1942, as the threat of German submarines operating out of Italian naval bases along with Italian submarines had been such that the Royal Navy convoyed from the subcontinent via Cape Town and Freetown before the Afrika Korps even appeared in Lybia. The Royal Navy were unwilling (justifiably so) to challenge the Italian Navy in the narrow waters of the middle mediterranean without adequate air cover--and it was not until the Afrika Korps was already on the ropes that Malta was finally available as base for the Royal Air Force.

Had Rommel succeeded in taking Egypt, his supply lines, never better than tenuous at best, would have been stretched even further, as he would have been obliged to cross the Syrian desert to get to Persia. That would likely have resulted in the Soviet Union intervening, as they could not have tolerated any significant threat on that flank. It is doubtful, however, that the Italians could have sustained any significant force on the far side of the Syrian desert, let alone have safely convoyed petroleum out of ther middle east. The only other option would have been via the Balkans, and Tito and company made that route just as dangerous as would have been the Adriatic Sea.

Had the Germans and Italians pushed into the Syrian desert, they would have been even less able to deal with an Anglo-American landing in North Africa.

You need to learn some history, and weigh the consequences of each probability before you start shooting your mouth off about "what ifs."

The Germans did not win in North Africa because the English were able to sustain the Eighth Army, even though it required sailing completely around Africa; but neither the Italians nor the Germans were able to sustain the Afrika Korps nor provide any reasonable challenge to the supremacy of the Royal Air Force over the battlefield.

However, even if Mossadegh's government had deposed the Shah and nationalized the petroleum industry, Persian oil would still have been on sale in world markets. Absent the interference of the English and the CIA, it is doubtful that the Persians--already by then nuturing a sophisticated middle class with a thirst for western culture--would have gone down the road of fundamentalist Islamic reaction. After all, reaction requires something to have reacted to.
 
 
 
If the United States had not made such a mess of Iraq, we would not have so much trouble from Iran. We have dealt Iran a very strong hand and weakened the very forces within Iran who are reformist and sympathetic to the West. Lets be absolutely clear on one thing though, if the Iranian government wants to get its hands on nuclear weapons, IT WILL DO SO.
 

The United States has not made a "mess of Iraq" at all.

It was a dangerous tyranny that was about to see the end of economic sanctions at the hands of the ever vacillating Europeans on the Security Council, and an ensuing flood of oil revenues which Saddam would have used to further his power, armaments, and WMD programs.

Today it is a very disorderly republic with a goiod chance of democratically resolving tribal and sectarian issues previously suppressed through force and terror.

On what possible basis can any serious observer posit that the Security Council'd "hand" would be stronger now had the United States not intervened in Iraq? Saddam thumbed hius nose at the UN and a host of Security Council resolutiuons, and, but for the actions of the U.S. and the UK, he would have gotten away with it ! Please explain to me how this would have strengthened the trembling hand of the United Nations Security Coouncil,
 
 
 
 
If the United States and England had minded their own damned business in 1953, instead of organizing a phoney coup d'etat on behalf of the Shah (U.S.) and an oil embargo (U.K.) against the leagally elected and popular government of Mohammed Mosedegh, we wouldn't be having this discussion.
 
Well thats true of course. But then Mossedegh had the cheek to insist that the oil BP (Anglo iranian oil company) was extracting from land of Iran was some how Iranian and not British.
 

We all know what kind of cheek those ruddy wogs habitually display... we can't really have expected Anthony Eden and Ike Eisenhower to put up with that, now could we?
 
 
There is nothing mythical about British European and American imperialist designs for the middle east Asherman. And its all to do with securing oil. Right back almost exactly 100 years ago when the Royal Navy made the fateful decision to have its capital ships oil fired. (Giving great performance advantages, Admiral Jacky Fisher said an oil fired battle fleet would ALWAYS defeat any comparable coal fired fleet....and in those days Britain had NO oil). Today our modern economies are oil fired, even your president admitted America was hooked on oil. I am the first to criticise Islam and the theocratic sytem in Iran. But we would not have Islamic terrorists over here, if we were not over there pushing them out of the way in our desperate attempt to extract more oil. Moreover conventional oil reserves that are left are increasingly concentrated in the middle east, and overall oil supply is about to peak. There is no debate about this, just speculation as to when we hit peak 5 10 years out or HAVE DONE ALREADY.
 
 
 
 
If the United States had not made such a mess of Iraq, we would not have so much trouble from Iran. We have dealt Iran a very strong hand and weakened the very forces within Iran who are reformist and sympathetic to the West. Lets be absolutely clear on one thing though, if the Iranian government wants to get its hands on nuclear weapons, IT WILL DO SO.
 

The United States has not made a "mess of Iraq" at all.

It was a dangerous tyranny that was about to see the end of economic sanctions at the hands of the ever vacillating Europeans on the Security Council, and an ensuing flood of oil revenues which Saddam would have used to further his power, armaments, and WMD programs.

Today it is a very disorderly republic with a goiod chance of democratically resolving tribal and sectarian issues previously suppressed through force and terror.

On what possible basis can any serious observer posit that the Security Council'd "hand" would be stronger now had the United States not intervened in Iraq? Saddam thumbed hius nose at the UN and a host of Security Council resolutiuons, and, but for the actions of the U.S. and the UK, he would have gotten away with it ! Please explain to me how this would have strengthened the trembling hand of the United Nations Security Coouncil,
 
Some here took a principled stance against the war. I have to admit that once it was clear USUK were going to war whatever, I supported the idea of a quick campaign to get rid of Saddam. But I did so assuming

a) our intentions towards the people of Iraq were honourable
b) the so called New Iraq could be fairly easily established
c) we would actually win.

I dont believe now our intentions were honourable. We went in for the oil and the profits for large western corporations. Clearly we have failed to establish a new democratic Islamic Iraq as a model for the region. Finally if we have not exactly lost yet, we are not winning either. Every day scores of people are killed, and the situation seems to be spiralling into civil war.

I said America made a mess of Iraq because this was primarily an American adventure. I dont think Britain would have invaded Iraq alone. What really infuriates me is that having decided on invasion, we didnt do it PROPERLY with enough troops to flood the cities, nip any insurgency in the bud, and hence get the reconstruction going strong from the outset.

Now in the south, Iran controls the show. British forces have lost control. The people just want us out, and so do the troops.
 
 
Doubtless, oil is part of the equation, but not all of it. The international situation is not reducable to simple, much less single causes. Historians labor mightely to identify and understand causes, but that is backward looking. Diplomacy and national policies will do well to be informed about the sources of current trends and events, but in the end one must just use their best judgement as to what will best serve their national and world interests now and in the immediate future.

I know more about the historical evolution of the Korean Peninsula for the last 500 years than anyone is likely to be the least interested in. The applicability of that knowledge to dealing with Kim Jong-Il and the DPRK in 2006 is very limited, yet the whole history of the Peninsula is historically relevant to understanding the region. I once had a history professor who taught that virtually all 20th century political history was the result of the Congess of Viena at the end of the Napoleonic Wars. I argued with him then, and still think that he was over simplifying and over valuing a historical event. The patterns of history may not change much from Age to Age, but ultimately history does not repeat itself, nor is a guide to a risk free future.

In each period, in each set of circumstances, every nation is confronted with complex issues. No one ever completely understands all the existing factors, much less the long-term implications of any particular policy. There are guideposts to aid the policy maker, and the most successful heed those guideposts. In our system the executive places the Constitution and the interests of the People (as the policy maker understands them), over his personal or partisan interests. We are the heirs of Western Civilization with its humanistic values and passion for individual liberty and equal justice. Our world view is founded, whether we like it or not, on the Judaic/Christian branches of Abrahamic religion.

From those values and notions of right and wrong, policy makers look out on the world and all of the pressing issues confronting them. I think it was Daniel Boone who was given the parental advice, "Fig'r out whats right, then go ahead". That's what our leaders have been doing, with greater or lesser success, since the late 1700's. Sometimes in retrospect we cringe at the policies, and sometimes we are filled with pride... depends a lot on our personal views, doesn't it. Would the U.S. and the world at large be "better" today if we had not filled the continent from "sea to shining Sea"? Perhaps this is a nice question for folks like Setanta and I to muse over, but it has zero relevance to the Executive sitting in Washington sworn to protect and defend the Constitution and nation. In retrospect was it "good" or "bad" that the U.S. held a protectorate over the Philipine Islands, and how does that inform foriegn policy in the post-9/11 environmewnt.
 
 
 
In each period, in each set of circumstances, every nation is confronted with complex issues. No one ever completely understands all the existing factors, much less the long-term implications of any particular policy.
 

True. But it would be comforting to think the President of the United States understood at least some of it.
 
 
 
Sorry for the duplication. I'm not sure how it happened. I went back to edit (common for me), and must have hit a wrong key. The second post is more nearly what I wanted to say.
 

Welcome to posting too fast... I hate it when it does that!!

Anon
 
 
 
... I have to admit that once it was clear USUK were going to war whatever, I supported the idea of a quick campaign to get rid of Saddam. But I did so assuming

a) our intentions towards the people of Iraq were honourable
b) the so called New Iraq could be fairly easily established
c) we would actually win.

 

Depends on what you mean by 'honorable'. Our expressed intent was to create a republican, non-tyrannical government to be run by Iraqis with as much democracy as they could sustain. I believe that is honorable. Nothing serious in this world is ever easily done. If easy is your standard, you will achieve nothing.

 
I dont believe now our intentions were honourable. We went in for the oil and the profits for large western corporations.
 
What is your factual basis for this assertion? Iraq is a relatively minor oil producer, and, apart from some transitory contractsd in support of construction and security operations, there have been relatively few benefits for "large western corporations". Certainly nothing new has arisen that would change a rational earlier view on this aspect of things.

 
Clearly we have failed to establish a new democratic Islamic Iraq as a model for the region. Finally if we have not exactly lost yet, we are not winning either. Every day scores of people are killed, and the situation seems to be spiralling into civil war.
 
Scores of people were being killed daily by Saddam and his thugs, albeit in a more quiet and orderly manner. Tyrannical rule by an oppressive minority has been replaced by a fractious competitive struggle among contenders who must eventually learn to live together. This is merely a necessary precursor to democracy.

 
I said America made a mess of Iraq because this was primarily an American adventure. I dont think Britain would have invaded Iraq alone. What really infuriates me is that having decided on invasion, we didnt do it PROPERLY with enough troops to flood the cities, nip any insurgency in the bud, and hence get the reconstruction going strong from the outset.

Now in the south, Iran controls the show. British forces have lost control. The people just want us out, and so do the troops.
 

Had we used the several hundreds of thousands of troops so confidently advocated by armchair strategists, we would have been unable to sustain the force there for more than two years or so without prohibitive economic and political costs. It was always clear that we would be ultimately faced with an insurgency that would attempt to exhaust our abilities, patience and political will with a protracted struggle. Economy of force, using no more than we are able to sustain for a long period was and is the key to our ultimate success. Unfortunately the self-appointed savants don't know this and, when they do realize it, don't acknowledge their previous errors.
 
 
the secret plan (bug out when noone's looking and call it peace with honor)
 
 
Can't bug out dyslexia; got to invade Iran.

They're not kowtowing to us and they have oil.

Remember what Bush said; you either with us or against us.

If your against us and have oil your dead meat.
 
 
