 
 
PMO boost for Mumbai's Mission Shanghai
 
 
PMO boost for city’s Mission Shanghai

Sanjay Dutta & Mahendra Kumar Singh | TNN

New Delhi: Following up on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh’s ambitious vision to turn Mumbai into Shanghai, the PMO has has sought a report card on the projects either in the works or on the drawing board to transform the country’s financial capital into a world-class city by 2020.
The intervention could act as the providential life-saver for the Rs 228,000 crore initiative and turn it into reality.
In a communication to all the central ministries concerned last week, the PMO sought details of the projects and the amount of assistance required from the Centre. It has focused on redeveloping slums, easing traffic in the suburban rail system and roads, rationalisation of environmental clearances andmodernising air and sea links, besides developing the eastern seafront.
According to a presentation made before the PMO, the central government will pump Rs 12,000 crore through its Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (NURM) for crucial projects.
For the Rs 228,000 crore redevelopment plan, the government will raise Rs 120,000 crore through private equity and user charges while Rs 81,000 crore will come through public sector equity and development charges. Rs 15,000 crore will be raised from public borrowing.
For its ambitious Rs 4,000 crore Mumbai Transharbour Link project, the city will get Rs 1,400 crore via NURM support. The urban development ministry will provide Rs 832 crore in central assistance for the Rs 2,376 crore Mumbai Sewage Disposal Project II.
The PMO has sought details of central assistance given for crucial infrastructure projects—the Bandra-Worli sealink, the Western Freeway sealink project linking Worli to Nariman Point, the Mumbai urban infrastructure project and Mumbai transport projects.

-----------------------------------------------------------
     
 
 
What the status on Mumbai's Shanghai dream?

2006-08-19 11:02 Source : Moneycontrol.com
Will Mumbai’s Shanghai dream finally become a reality? CNBC-TV18 has details on the blueprint.
The PMO has circulated the blueprint to ministries for their comments. It is estimated that civic investments of Rs 50,500 crore will be required by 2010. Rs 25,000 crore will come from private equity and user charges by that time. Rs 12,000 crore will come from stamp duty and development charges, while the government will borrow Rs 8,500 crore by 2010.

The city will have four SEZs, and will be declared as an international finance center. The Bandra-Worli sea link will be completed by April 2008.

The Metro project will take place three phases, starting from 2006. The Dharavi slum development project is estimated to cost around Rs 5,480 crore. The Mumbai trans-harbour link is said to be completed by 2011.

At A Glance
Blueprint
Civic investments of Rs 50,500 cr needed by 2010
City to be declared international finance center
Bandra-Worli sea link to be completed by Apr 2008
Dharavi slum development to cost Rs 5,480 cr
Mumbai trans-harbour link to be completed by 2011

 http://www.moneycontrol.com/india/ne...article/235310 
 
 
 Dharavi: Soon A Slum No More? 
Updated:2006-06-09 14:38:24 MYT

Author: By Charu Bahri
HappyNews Citizen Journalist

 

Not for nothing do they call it Asia's largest slum. Situated in the heart of the city of Mumbai, India and home to about 52,000 families who generate a turnover of over USD444 million per annum from their numerous industrial units scattered across the spread, Dharavi is truly a sea of humanity struggling against the odds to keep itself afloat.

But this is set to change very soon.

The state government of Maharashtra, in which the city of Mumbai is located, a city where at least 50% of the population lives in slums, has implemented the Slum Rehabilitation Authority--something that is touted as the world's largest slum rehabilitation project.

Expected to cost USD1,258 million, the Dharavi Development Project (DDP) aptly titled "Support Our Slums" has been framed as a holistic project that aims not merely to provide alternate homes to the slum-dwellers, but to create well-planned and aesthetic surroundings catering to all their needs : housing complexes, schools, supermarkets, a modern hospital, clinics, a state-of-the art leather institute, fashion and ceramic institutes, a 4-acre sports complex, a centre for visual and performing arts and open spaces -- all connected by wide roads.

What is novel about the DDP is that it is a self-funded scheme. A group of real-estate developers will construct over 70,000 apartments, allotting 225 square feet area for each, for every Dharaviite family.

The families will not be charged for their new apartments, which will be situated on the area presently covered by the slum. The developers will be compensated by being awarded extra FSI or the transfer of development rights. Thus, for each square foot built for a slum-dweller, the developer will be entitled to 1.33 square feet of saleable space. The DDP blueprint divides the slum into 12 sectors--two of which will be developed as commercial development.

The DDP was conceived by non-resident Indian architect Mukesh Mehta, CEO of MM Consultants and appointed adviser to the government of Maharashtra, after a 5-year study of the area and the nature of its inhabitants. The finding that slum-dwellers are loath to live in highrise buildings practically translated the plans for lowrise (7-storey buildings), high-density dwellings.

With complete emphasis on creating a sustainable environment for the mass of humanity that will be rehabilitated, the project also entails a 15-year guarantee on the part of the developers for the maintenance of the residential complexes, external paint, lifts and electrical maintenance --as Mehta's study indicated that slum-dwellers are not used to saving and spending on the area immediately outside their homes.

The project's vision is thus to create a modern-day township ensconced in the city of Mumbai. Interestingly, Dharavi was originally one of many villages surrounding the British fort in Mumbai.

In the late 1600s and 1700s when the development of cotton mills caused a large influx of migrants to erstwhile Bombay, Dharavi was just one crowded "native town," as they were called, outside the walls of the British area, having its own small tanning industry. Over the centuries, textile, pottery, plastic processing, Jari (special Indian embroidery work done with golden and silver threads) stitching industry units grew alongside the leather tanning industry.

The planners have made provision for the further growth and employment prospects of Dharavi's industrial units, by envisaging the creation of a Special Economic Zone (SEZ) housing gem and jewelry factories, a leather industry, info tech etc., which will spur their current industrial output to grow manifold to $2,890 million per annum.

The Central Government has already allocated a grant of over $110 million to the project, which will be appropriated for the development of infrastructure. Government estimates indicate that the funds will be used to build schools, a fire station, a municipal market, a police station, a municipal chowky (central spot), a municipal hospital, sewage disposal facilities, solid waste management facilities, drinking water facilities, storm water drains, a cemetery and roads. Apparently, civic necessities have been well thought of.

A mass transit or shuttle service to connect the entire area with surroundings suburbs such as Sion, Dadar, Bandra or Mahim is also visualised.

With a long-term aim of integrating Dharaviites with mainstream Mumbai, and providing them a platform to aspire to a better life, the DDP initiative is designed to transform the entire population to a middle-income community by 2010.  

While many rehabilitation projects get bogged down by a lack of political or administrative will, in this case, the administration and political system seems committed to seeing the project through and to this end, have consulted numerous corporations to ensure the right legal framework is put in place prior to the process of global tendering for the development contracts. [COLOR=Blue] Given that, it appears to be only a matter of time before this ugly duckling turns into a beautiful swan.
 
 
] Ambani gives shape to new mega city

 

By Indrajit Gupta, Dinesh Narayanan and T Surendar/TNN

Mumbai: A few years ago, the world discovered Shanghai. If Mukesh Ambani has his way, five years from now, Mumbaikars will see a new city rising across the Gateway of India.

The yet-unnamed city will be about half the size of Mumbai. It will have broad roads, modern transportation systems, and will be linked to the island of Mumbai by a six-lane, 22-km-long sea bridge. A new international airport is also expected to come up there.

The city will be home to at least a million people, most of them working in hi-tech and service industries such as electronics, contract research, finance, and information technology. Residents will have s**** housing, modern hospitals, top-class schools, and large parks—amenities of a modern township.

Ambani’s plan got its first green signal last week when the government cleared the setting up of 140 special economic zones (SEZs), three of them proposed by the Reliance group. The project, spanning 32,000 acres (12,000 hectares), and christened Mumbai Integrated SEZ comprises Navi Mumbai SEZ, Ambani’s joint venture with Cidco, and his own yet-to-be-cleared MahaMumbai SEZ. The development is expected to begin with Dronagiri, near Jawaharlal Nehru Port, and extend to Ulwe and Kalamboli which will be only half an hour away from Mumbai, once the trans-harbour link between Sewri and Nhava is complete.

The MahaMumbai SEZ plans to emulate the succees of the likes of Shenzhen, near Shanghai and Jebel Ali in Dubai to attract foreign companies to set up their office and manufacturing units in it. The government has already announced long tax holidays to make exporting from an SEZ more attractive. Even before the project has got off the ground, CIDCO has received more than 800 applications from prospective companies.

The industries in the SEZ will also be carefully chosen. They will have to be non-polluting and more importantly, export-oriented.

SEZ likely to have several positive fallouts

Mumbai: The industries already shortlisted in Mukesh Ambani’s MahaMumbai SEZ are IT, gems and jewellery, food processing, garments, electronics and a regional finance hub. Already, the Diamond Trading Company (DTC), the marketing arm of De Beers, the world’s largest diamond miner, is looking at the new SEZ as an alternative to its base in Antwerp. The new industries are expected to create over five lakh new jobs.

The plans come at a time when more and more foreign companies are recognising the advantages of manufacturing in India. Transnational corporations like Nokia, chip-maker AMD and Intel have announced multi-billion-dollar plans to set up manufacturing bases in India. The Ambani SEZ is expected to be squarely positioned for these opportunities.

If the project works out, there can be several positive fallouts. Shenzhen, which is thrice the size of the planned MahaMumbai SEZ, employs over 4 million people and has a population of 7 million. Started in 1980, exports from Shenzhen touched $77.85 billion in 2004 as against India’s total exports of $63.84 billion in that year.

Last year, Mukesh Ambani, who lost his pet project Reliance Infocomm to his brother, began to sense another big opportunity in urban infrastructure. It called for staying power, massive finances and the ability to manage large projects within specific deadlines, almost all of which Reliance already possessed. So with his trusted lieutenant Anand Jain, Mukesh put in his own money into the venture. Today, he has a crack team consisting of former bureaucrat A K Singh and transportation expert R K Jha (the brain behind Mumbai’s 50 flyovers) on board.

Last week, the Central government gave an inprinciple approval to the first phase—about 1,300 hectares—of the Navi Mumbai SEZ plan. Work will start on the project as soon as CIDCO (it owns 26% stake in the SEZ) signs a lease deed for the next few days with NMSEZ, the special purpose company floated by CIDCO and the original promoters.

Singapore-based Jurong Town planners have already begun preparing the master plan. Mukesh’s next step will be to tie up specific joint ventures for verticals like housing, hospitals, hospitality and amenities. Insiders are already dropping big names such as Harvard Medical and Hilton group to get them to set up their facilities. He is also expected to pick up a substantial stake in the special purpose vehicle created to build the 22.5-km Trans Harbour Link that would cost more than Rs 4,000 crore. Reliance is now lobbying to add even a rail link to the project, along with traffic dispersal systems on both sides of the harbour.

He also plans to build a port near Rewas. By all accounts, patience is an important virtue in the SEZ project of this scale. Initially, the trick is to keep lease rentals for all the industrial units at a moderate level for the first 10 years.

Once the performance and infrastructure is in place, the developer can jack up the rentals at the time of lease renewals, says a consultant to the project.

Apart from the Navi Mumbai SEZ, Mukesh has also bid for a 30,000-acre SEZ in Jhajjar in Haryana. He plans to bid for the freight corridor which will be built between Mumbai and Delhi, as and when the tender is floated. Sources say that it fits in neatly with Mukesh’s plan to become a key player in infrastructure and logistics.

Ten years later, Mukesh will perhaps be able to claim that Reliance builds cities too.

 
 
 
 

 

Meanwhile, a nice pic showing the kind of infra development:
 
 
 
Proposed Sahara International Airport, Mumbai
 
 

Some of the infra projects u/c
 
 
 
 
Great Work Slash    

Where in Mumbai r u from?
 
 
 
PMO boost for city’s Mission Shanghai

Sanjay Dutta & Mahendra Kumar Singh | TNN

New Delhi: Following up on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh’s ambitious vision to turn Mumbai into Shanghai, the PMO has has sought a report card on the projects either in the works or on the drawing board to transform the country’s financial capital into a world-class city by 2020.
The intervention could act as the providential life-saver for the Rs 228,000 crore initiative and turn it into reality.
In a communication to all the central ministries concerned last week, the PMO sought details of the projects and the amount of assistance required from the Centre. It has focused on redeveloping slums, easing traffic in the suburban rail system and roads, rationalisation of environmental clearances andmodernising air and sea links, besides developing the eastern seafront.
According to a presentation made before the PMO, the central government will pump Rs 12,000 crore through its Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (NURM) for crucial projects.
For the Rs 228,000 crore redevelopment plan, the government will raise Rs 120,000 crore through private equity and user charges while Rs 81,000 crore will come through public sector equity and development charges. Rs 15,000 crore will be raised from public borrowing.
For its ambitious Rs 4,000 crore Mumbai Transharbour Link project, the city will get Rs 1,400 crore via NURM support. The urban development ministry will provide Rs 832 crore in central assistance for the Rs 2,376 crore Mumbai Sewage Disposal Project II.
The PMO has sought details of central assistance given for crucial infrastructure projects—the Bandra-Worli sealink, the Western Freeway sealink project linking Worli to Nariman Point, the Mumbai urban infrastructure project and Mumbai transport projects.

-----------------------------------------------------------
     

 

we may see mumbai is going to become a top class city of the world by 2020. you have given us a clear picture of financial capital of third largest economy of the world by 2020. 228,000 crore (or about US$50bn) investment can really make changes in Mumbai because labor cost of india is very cheap as compare to developed countries. now the time has come when we stop dreaming and start talking about the reality. and the reality is, if Sanghai will be know as capital of East Asia, Mumbai will be known as capital of whole West and South Asia. a credit would be given to Mr M Singh and our president who are taking all the possible steps for developing the infrastructure of India. if Dr A Kalam will be known as the most successful president of indian history, Dr M Singh will be known as the most successful prime minister of india.
 
 
 
 

 

slash this is the picture of Mumbai which look very nice but infrastructures inside this city is not that good. and now we all know, the picture of Mumbai from this side will be the same even after 2020 but it will have top class suburban rail system, roads, airports and all after 2020 making her one of the most attractive city of the world with top class infrastuture.
 
 
 
slash this is the picture of Mumbai which look very nice but infrastructures inside this city is not that good. and now we all know, the picture of Mumbai from this side will be the same even after 2020 but it will have top class suburban rail system, roads, airports and all after 2020 making her one of the most attractive city of the world with top class infrastuture.

 

Sir,this that particular picture was that of Bandra-worli sea link which will connect South Mumbai to the Suburbs.
Benifits of this projests are:-

Estimated savings in Vehicle Operating Costs (VOC): Rs. 100 Crores per annum.

Considerable savings in travel time (20 to 30 minutes) due to increased speed and reduced delays (23 signals avoided)

Stress free driving.

Reduced accidents.

Reduction in traffic on existing roads because of traffic diversion to the Sea Link.

Reduction in Carbon Monoxide and Nitrogen Oxide Levels in Mahim, Dadar, Prabhadevi and Worli along existing roads.

Reduced noise pollution in Mahim, Dadar, Prabhadevi and Worli along existing roads.

No adverse effect on fisheries, marine life and livelihood of fisherman.

Landscaping along the approaches and waterfront promenade will enhance the environment and add green spots to the city.

Mumbai gets a new landmark.

This is what it would look like once its over(in 2008)

 
 
 
Most new construction is on former slum land. The remaining slums will be demolished and their erstwhile denizens compensated and relocated to low-cost funky looking buildings like
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Courteasy Jai from Skyscraperpage
 
 
 
Great Work Slash    

Where in Mumbai r u from?

 

South Mumbai.Right now I'm in Gujrat.  

Where do you stay in mumbai?
 
 
 
South Mumbai.Right now I'm in Gujrat.  

Where do you stay in mumbai?

 

Have been everywhere..

Born in North Mumbai (Chembur)

Lived my early childhood in South Mumbai (Tardeo)

Then moved to Navi Mumbai (Vashi)

and now living in UK
 
 
Mumbai: Illegal occupants of transit tenements could be forced out of their temporary homes during the Slum Rehabilitation Authority’s month-long eviction drive from October 1.
City guardian minister Jayant Patil, who held protracted meetings with government officials and MLAs from the city on Tuesday, announced that the state will take a tough line against the illegal occupants.
Patil, who is also the state finance minister, said legitimate tenants were being deprived of transit accommodation as a number of tenements were occupied by the encroachers. He said after the eviction drive the legitimate tenants would be given temporary possession of the transit homes. Patil also instructed the state officials to finalise a time-bound plan for acquisition of plots to facilitate reconstruction of dilapidated buildings. TNN
 
 
Taking a cue from PC’s Budget speech, state moves Railway Board on link with Pune, Aurangabad, Nashik

Rakshit Sonawane

Mumbai, August 26: Soon Maharashtra could have a high-speed rail-link between Mumbai and three other sunshine cities — Pune, Nashik and Aurangabad.

‘‘The state government has sent a concept note on the issue to the chairman of the Railway Board,’’ a senior official in Mantralaya said. ‘‘We have asked them to appoint a consultant to conduct a feasibility study of connecting Mumbai with Pune, Aurangabad and Nashik.’’

If the idea is to decongest and decentralise the prosperity of Mumbai, the high-speed rail-link might just do it. ‘‘After this rail-link goes operational, a person from Aurangabad could commute all the way to Mumbai and return the same day as travelling time would be reduced. Gradually this could lead to the prosperity of Aurangabad as the money earned in Mumbai would be spent back home. The same applies for those commuting from Nashik and Pune,’’ he said.

Also, those coming to Mumbai in their cars could use this link, reducing traffic on the respective roads. The state government is now eagerly awaiting the response of the Railway Board.

Chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh is supposed to visit Japan soon in connection with the project. The state, however, will also take into consideration other manufacturers and operators of such trains in China and France.

The origin of the high-speed rail-link proposal lies in the 2006-07 budget speech of Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram, who had mooted such link to decentralise Mumbai.

‘People migrate to Mumbai because of lack of opportunities back home and this has led to escalation of problems in the metropolis,’’ he said. ‘‘If this project materialises, Mumbai’s prosperity would be spread out in the three cities and gradually in the rest of the Maharashtra.’’
------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Devotees make way for roadwork

Trustees assure peace as officials get ready to break religious structures

Express News Service

Mumbai, August 28: ABOUT 23 religious structures—temples, mosques, gurudwaras and some madarsas—are set to make way peacefully for the construction of the delayed Santacruz-Chembur Link Road, a key road component of the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP).

“With all issues sorted out, trustees of all religious structures affected by the Jogeshwari Vikhroli Link Road and the Santacruz Chembur Link Road have agreed to the relocation,” said R K Sonawane, relief and rehabilitation chief for the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).

At a meeting at MMRDA last week, trustees of various institutions affected by the road projects agreed to the relocation and volunteered to maintain peace in the vicinity of demolitions. The meeting was chaired by the Joint Metropolitan Commissioner Milind Mhaiskar, also project director for MUTP.

Already, the MMRDA has moved over a dozen religious structures from alongside Jogeshwari Vikhroli Link Road. Nineteen religious structures are still to be demolished along Santacruz Chembur Link Road.

With no government or World Bank policy on rehabilitating roadside temples or mosques, moving them was another reason for the slow pace of work on SCLR and JVLR. “Some of these structures are being relocated to various rehabilitation sites,” said Sonawane.

At Rahul Nagar near Tilak Nagar, the MMRDA is proposing to rebuild a gurudwara, a temple, a mosque and a church on a single plot, with the active involvement of the trustees.
 http://cities.expressindia.com/fulls...?newsid=198828 
 
 
 
 PM gives Rs 1.2k cr for city drainage 

MUMBAI: The city need not fear a repeat of 26/7. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday gave the Mumbai makeover plan a much-needed boost by clearing a grant of Rs 1,200 crore for the long-delayed Brimstowad project meant to augment Mumbai's drainage system.

The proposal was cleared by the Prime Minister in a meeting with Planning Commission officials on Wednesday evening. The decision has come months after the state began lobbying for funds to upgrade Mumbai's infrastructure through a range of projects.

And it's the second core sector scheme in the city after the Mumbai Sewage Disposal Project (MSDP) to get central funding this year. Work on Brimstowad is expected to start next month.

Prithviraj Chavan, minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), told TOI, "The PM has agreed to provide the Rs 1,200 crore needed for the Brimstowad project.

We have also reviewed ten other projects for Mumbai." Chavan is the coordinator between the state and the Centre for the Mumbai-related projects.

The Brimstowad (Brihanmumbai storm water drains) project, which has been in the planning stage for 15 years, is aimed at augmenting a drainage network unable to withstand more than 25 mm of rainfall per hour.

After last year's deluge on 26/7, chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh had repeatedly urged the Union government to help the state implement the project.

The cost of Brimstowad was estimated at Rs 400-odd crore in the early 1990s. It has since escalated and is now in the range of Rs 1,200 crore.
 

Good news for Mumbaikers  
 
 
 
 MbPT set to unlock 1,400 acres 

MUMBAI: The Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT), the city's largest landlord, appears to be clearing the decks to sell off huge portions of its vast land holdings.

The MbPT's humungous 1,860 acres of land—stretching from Colaba (Sassoon Dock) to Wadala—are its most precious asset. It's also the largest chunk of real estate on view in the city. The fate of this potentially lucrative asset is currently being deliberated upon in the boardroom of the MbPT headquarters at Ballard Estate.

The uninterrupted MbPT stretch, known as the eastern waterfront, is thrice the size of the mill lands in central Mumbai put together and eight times larger than the sprawling Mahalaxmi racecourse.

TOI has exclusive access to the MbPT's proposed revised land policy, which has been prepared by the port administration in consultation with the Union shipping ministry. The sale of land not required for port activity, the fresh allotment of land and renewal of leases are some of the major proposals in the draft.

According to the draft, the port may sell outright any plot which is outside the custom-bound area provided the land is not required for the port's own use in the future based on its approved perspective plan.

Custom-bound areas are those where actual shipping activities take place—as at the Indira Docks, the Princess and Victoria Docks in Ballard Estate, the Pirpau Jetty in Mahul and the like.

According to MbPT sources, the custom-bound areas comprise about 485.5 acres, or about 26% of the total of1,860 acres. Hence, any port land outside this area could be up for grabs if not needed by the authorities.
 

This huge. Stand by and watch as Mumbai gets a couple hundred more skyscrapers  .
 
 
