 
 
Bin Laden and 911 most wanted
 
 
Truthers claim that 911 wasnt listed in the FBIs most wanted for Bin Ladens crimes, they say its for "lack of evidence ".

Whats the real reason? I remember reading about this before but not sure where the information was
 
 
Go spend a few minutes on this site.

It may clear things up for you.

 http://www.rewardsforjustice.net/ 
 
 
Bin Laden is on the top ten list for crimes committed prior to 9/11. Obama was indicted for bombings in Narobi, Kenya and possibly Yemen during the Clinton administration who considered terror attacks a crime. 9/11 was considered an act of war and hence the Bush administration handled it through use of the military and not the Justice Dept.
 
 
Thanks.

I love the description on Rewards for Justice of Bin laden:

"Characteristics : Full beard, mustache; walks with cane."

hahaha. Im goin' to find myself an old guy.
 
 
 
Obama was indicted for bombings in Narobi...

 
How in the hell did you manage that typo? The B key isn't even close to the S!  

 
9/11 was considered an act of war and hence the Bush administration handled it through use of the military and not the Justice Dept.

 
Exactly. The Rewards for Justice program is administered by the State Department. Is it really possible that the State Dept. believes OBL to be responsible for 9/11 and the FBI does not ? Of course not.
The reason the State Dept. is handling the RFJ program is because they have a longer reach than the FBI. Tips are going to come in from overseas about his location, not from an area the FBI usually has jurisdiction over.
 
 
 
Truthers claim that 911 wasnt listed in the FBIs most wanted for Bin Ladens crimes, they say its for "lack of evidence ".

Whats the real reason? I remember reading about this before but not sure where the information was

 
There are several threads here already on this very topic.

By law, the FBI cannot list someone on the top ten list unless they have been indicted. OBL has been indicted for the embassy bombings, but has not yet been indicted for 911.

Don't ask the FBI, ask the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York. And they'll tell you: WE DON'T CALL A GRAND JURY JUST FOR KICKS AND GIGGLES.
 
 
Im very rusty on US law, what does it mean to be indicted?
 
 
 
Bin Laden is on the top ten list for crimes committed prior to 9/11. Obama was indicted for bombings in Narobi, Kenya and possibly Yemen during the Clinton administration who considered terror attacks a crime. 9/11 was considered an act of war and hence the Bush administration handled it through use of the military and not the Justice Dept.

 
Exactly November 6, 2001 the Bush administration handed such prosecutions over to the DoD and said this circumvented the 5th ammedment requirement for indictments

 http://www.usdoj.gov/olc/2001/pub-millcommfinal.pdf 
 http://www.commondreams.org/headlines01/1113-07.htm 
 
 
 
Im very rusty on US law, what does it mean to be indicted?

 
Indicted usually means you are brought before a grand jury, informed of the charges against you, state your plea, and that's when bond is set.

Obviously there are exceptions to the process, as the previous indictment of OBL and his co-conspirators shows.

But on 9-11, it was tossed right on over to DoD.
 
 
 
Im very rusty on US law, what does it mean to be indicted?

 
My understanding is that it requires that a grand jury be shown the evidence and that the GJ hand down a ruling. This was how the terrorists were tried and convicted for the 1993 WTC bombing.

I believe than an indictment is necessary to get on the FBI top-10 list.

Bush didn't want any terrorist tried in court so never established a GJ and so never got an indictment and the rest is history, unfortunately.

bin Laden is at the top of US terrorism wanted list.  http://www.nctc.gov/site/profiles/bin_ladin.html 
 
 
EdX:

The rewards for justice is not the FBI. They are affiliated with the Dept of State, but they do not represent the DOS. Truthers will take this evidence and simply say it is a private charity offering a reward...be prepared.

They do not seem to have an answer for why, if no other crime attributed to Al-Qaeda, except 9/11, involved planes, then why is there a $2 Million reward offered by the Arline Pilots Association.

-----

My final answer to all of this TIRED, OLD, SILLY, canard is this.

OBL is/was the leader of Al-Qaeda
OBL confessed to his role in 9/11
KSM was the orchestrator, and he confessed to GETTING APPROVAL from OBL for it.
The hijackers, either were members of Al-Qaeda, or trained there

compare it to...

Al Capone ordered the murders of many men, yet was he ever convicted of such??? Do many, if any, doubt his role, his guilt? No...but he was never convicted of the murders, the hits...he was the head of the crime organization, but yet was never convicted for the crimes the organization carried out...

OBL = Al Capone

TAM  
 
 
Good comparision TAM, thanks  
 
 
