 
 
The Which Actress/Actors Better Thread
 
 
I saw Lucy's thread about which films better and thought i'd make one for Actors/Actresses. Ill start...obviously

Orlando Bloom Vs Brad Pitt

PS - Apologies if this thread has already been done before.
 
 
Though your immediate influence is Lucy's film thread, I'd like to make it clear I made the original thread of this format way back in March in the music forum    

Anyways, this is an interesting progression.

Brad Pitt

Brad Pitt vs Morgan Freeman
 
 
Samuel L jackson v Dustin Hoffman
 
 
Samuel L Jackson

S.L. Jackson vs Denzel Washington
 
 
S L Jackson

S L Jackson Vs Jackie Chan

PS. Thanks for the info Jonah. By the way, how come u made it in the music forum?
 
 
Dustin Hoffman is clearly a better actor than Samuel L. Jackson!!!!
 
 
Samuel L. Jackson v Dustin Hoffman (make the right choice this time)
 
 
  Come on Lucy, its peoples personal opinions. lol

Ill carry on anyway

Dustin Hoffman Vs Sam Neill
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Lucy_88
Dustin Hoffman is clearly a better actor than Samuel L. Jackson!!!!

 

Yeah and Empire Strikes Back is better than Jurassic Park lol

Dustin Hoffman vs Robert De Niro

Seriously, De Niro is the best ever
 
 
I have never seen a particularly great display from Hoffman, I've never really enjoyed the old Star Wars films, whilst Jurassic Park is a contempory classic (to defend her that decision), and De Niro has made a few crap films of recent years, but is legendary nonetheless.

Robert De Niro

Robert De Niro vs Jack Nicholson
 
 
De Niro

De Niro Vs George Clooney
 
 
De Niro

De Niro vs Tom Hanks
 
 
errrr..... Gotta say Tom Hanks coz of Saving Private Ryan

Tom Hanks Vs Ewan McGregor
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
I have never seen a particularly great display from Hoffman, I've never really enjoyed the old Star Wars films, whilst Jurassic Park is a contempory classic (to defend her that decision), and De Niro has made a few crap films of recent years, but is legendary nonetheless.

Robert De Niro

Robert De Niro vs Jack Nicholson

 

Have you never seen the Graduate? He is brilliant in that.
 
 
Tom Hanks
Tom Hanks vs Richard Gere
 
 
Tom Hanks

Tom Hanks Vs Liam Neeson(Pick me, PICK ME!!!   )
 
 
Tom Hanks
Tom Hanks vs Whoopie Goldberg(i'm assuming actresses are ok, if not this thread is sexist)
 
 
Yeh, yeh of course actresses are ok

Anyway, i'd have to say Tom Hanks again

Tom Hanks Vs Viggo Mortensen(Aragorn from LOTR in case any1 wondered)
 
 
Tom Hanks
Tom Hanks vs Hugh Grant
 
 
Hanks

I was also thinking of McGregor and Liam Neeson...   weird...

anyway: Hanks vs Michael Clarke Duncan
 
 
Hanks vs Depp
 
 
Hanks

Tom Hanks vs Colin Firth
 
 
Hanks

Hanks vs Patrick Stewart
 
 
Patrick Stewart

Patrick Stewart Vs Ian McKellan
 
 
Tough one, but I'd say Sir Ian McKellan

Sir Ian McKellan vs Sean Connery
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Hanks

Tom Hanks vs Colin Firth

 

hanks   !!!!!---------they are diffirent style

god, i like colin firth----he is a real gentleman  
 
 
"Which Actors Better Whom ", surely?
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Tough one, but I'd say Sir Ian McKellan

Sir Ian McKellan vs Sean Connery

 

different style!!!!!  

Ian McKellan  

Sean Connery  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by aggie813
hanks   !!!!!---------they are diffirent style

god, i like colin firth----he is a real gentleman  

 

Yes i agree, Colin IS a real gentleman.
 
 
Sir Ian McKellan

Sir Ian Vs Matt Damon
 
 
Iain McKellan v Al Pacino
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Barfee
Sir Ian McKellan

Sir Ian Vs Matt Damon

 

are u serious??

god, different style!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

they have no comparability!! no VS !!!!!

Matt Damon  

Sir Ian  
 
 
Al Pacino VS Robert De Niro

Dustin Hoffman VS Robert De Niro

Al Pacino VS Dustin Hoffman
 
 
Ok Aggie although i agreed with your point about Colin Firth being a gentleman, you're kinda strange aren't you. There are no rules set in this thread and it doesn't matter how similar or different they are, we are just comparing which actor is better.
 
 
Anyway i'll carry on from a t.
Al Pacino vs Sylvester Stalone
 
 
Al Pacino

Al Pacino vs Tim Robbins
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Lucy_88
Ok Aggie although i agreed with your point about Colin Firth being a gentleman, you're kinda strange aren't you. There are no rules set in this thread and it doesn't matter how similar or different they are, we are just comparing which actor is better.

 

haha.......yeh....

I believe most people here just wanna talk about "which actor 's acting is better"
I just felt some "VS" are not logical
if two person have no comparability ----> which actor is better!??
Relatively the same as the difference between animals.Although they are all animals, if they are different style, like a rabbit and a wolf,which is better? ??......

so,what is better ?compere what? ------>the subject means their acting? appearance?or their careers？...

Im rather puzzled~
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Al Pacino

Al Pacino vs Tim Robbins

 

two great actors !

Ps. Al pacino is a legend of 70s--90s
 
 
I suppose it's a mixture of everything really, just which actor is better overall taking everything into account. It's only a bit of fun anyway it doesn't really matter that much if it doesn't make sense.
 
 
Al Pacino

Al Pacino vs Julia Roberts
 
 
Al Pacino

Al Pacino vs Dame Judy Dench
 
 
Al Pacino

Al Pacino VS Edward Norton
 
 
Al Pacino

Al Pacino vs Mark Wahlberg
 
 
Al Pacino

Al Pacino vs Patrick Swayze (come on now you know Swayze is the sex)
 
 
How does this work?
 
 
I think we start with Al pacino and then name another actor  

Al pacino vs Kevin Spacey
 
 
Pocoyo it's quite simple. You choose he/she who you think is best then put that person up against another actor/actress of your choice.

Kevin Spacey

Kevin Spacey vs Bruce Willis
 
 
Cant believe you didnt choose Swayze he is a legend and eveyone knows it  
 
 
Kevin Spacey

Kevin Spacey VS Morgan Freeman
 
 
Morgan Freeman

Morgan Freeman Vs Elijah Wood (no chance against Freeman   )
 
 
Elijah Wood vs Renee Zellweger
 
 
Morgan Freeman Vs Renee Zellweger
 
 
Morgan Freeman

Morgan Freeman vs Johnny Lee Miller
 
 
Morgan Freeman

Morgan Freeman Vs Christian Bale
 
 
Morgan Freeman

Morgan Freeman vs Alain Delon
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Jennifer Grey
 
 
Morgan Freeman

Morgan Freeman vs Juliette Binoche
 
 
Morgan Freeman

Morgan Freeman vs John Malkovich
 
 
John Malkovich ~ i like him!

John Malkovich vs Frances Lee McCain
 
 
I like him too, he's in two of my favourite films.  

John Malkovich

John Malkovich vs Arnold Schwarzenegger
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
I like him too, he's in two of my favourite films.  

 

which ?　　The English Patient？ it's nice　
but Beyond the Clouds is my favourite film  

John Malkovich vs (sir) Leslie Cheung
 
 
The Two films being 'Empire of the Sun' (with a young Christian Bale and directed by Spielberg, late 80's) and 'The Killing Fields' (true story based on the war in Cambodia, also late 80's) both amazing films.

Anyway. Malkovich marches on.

John Malkovich vs Steve Buscemi
 
 
Steve Buscemi (oh yes...)

Steve Buscemi vs Harvey Kietel (sp?)
 
 
Steve Buscemi is amazing. And I think it is spel Keitel, but don't quote me on that  

Steve Buscemi vs Peter Stormare (two of my favourite actors)
 
 
Steve Buscemi

Steve Buscemi vs Ethan Hawke
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Steve Buscemi is amazing. And I think it is spel Keitel, but don't quote me on that  

Steve Buscemi vs Peter Stormare (two of my favourite actors)

 

Ah yes; Fargo. Possibly the weirdest - and yet most brilliant - buddy pairing ever   Love that film, primarily because of the great accents ('oh, yah!'   )
 
 
Indeed.  

Steve Buscemi vs John Hannah
 
 
Steve Buscemi

Steve Buscemi vs Stephen Chow
 
 
 
Originally Posted by aggie813
Steve Buscemi

Steve Buscemi vs Stephen Chow

 

Buscemi

Buscemi v James Stewart
 
 
Steve Buscemi

Steve Buscemi vs Pearce Brosnan
 
 
Steve Buscemi (although Pierce Brosnan is more good-looking...)

Steve Buscemi vs. Maggie Smith
 
 
Steve Buscemi

Steve Buscemi vs Jack Black
 
 
Very difficult.

Steve Buscemi

Steve Buscemi vs Nicolas Cage
 
 
Nicolas Cage

Nicolas Cage Vs Don Cheadle
 
 
Nicolas Cage

Nicolas Cage Vs Kate Winslet
 
 
Nicolas Cage

Nicolas Cage vs Julia Roberts
 
 
Nicolas Cage

Nicolas Cage vs Gong Li
 
 
Nicolas Cage

Nicolas Cage vs Chow Yun Fat
 
 
haha, fat brother
okay,

Chow Yun Fat vs Maggie Cheung
 
 
Chow Yun Fat

Chow Yun Fat vs Chris Tucker
 
 
Chow Yun Fat

Chow Yun Fat vs Johnny Depp
 
 
Difficult. Johnny Depp I think.

Johnny Depp vs Ian Holm
 
 
Morag Freeman -V- Clint Eastwood?
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Irish-Jojo
Morag Freeman -V- Clint Eastwood?

 

erm....no thats not how you do it...
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Difficult. Johnny Depp I think.

Johnny Depp vs Ian Holm

 

Johnny Depp

Johnny Depp vs Daniel Day Lewis (could be hard choice~   )
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Irish-Jojo
Morag Freeman -V- Clint Eastwood?

 

 

Depp again, not seen many of D D-L's films

Johnny Depp vs Gary Oldman
 
 
~~~~
Oldman gave a rather excellent performance --- in Leon
anyway,

Johnny Depp vs Hugh Grant
 
 
Hugh Grant

Hugh Grant vs Clive Owen
 
 
easily,Hugh Grant

Hugh Grant vs Matt Damon
 
 
Hugh Grant

Hugh Grant vs Rheese Witherspoon
 
 
Hugh Grant

Hugh Grant vs Joaquin Phoenix
 
 
Hugh Grant vs Tom Hanks
 
 
Hugh Grant

Hugh Grant vs Sean Connery
 
 
Hugh Grant

Hugh Grant vs Colin Firth
 
 
Colin Firth

Colin Firth vs Ralph Fiennes
 
 
Colin Firth

Colin Firth vs Hugh Jackman
 
 
Colin Firth

Colin Firth vs Patrick Swayze
 
 
Colin Firth

Colin Firth vs Brendan Fraser
 
 
Colin Firth
Colin Firth vs Sean Astin
 
 
How did Sean Connery lose up there?  

Oh well   I'll continue.

Colin Firth

Colin Firth vs Ralph Fiennes
 
 
I think we had this earlier but Colin Firth anyway.

Colin Firth vs Seann William Scott
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
 

 

Why is it too funny????
 
 
Sean William Scott

SWS Vs Dominic Monaghan
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Irish-Jojo
Why is it too funny????

 

Because that's not how you play the game!  

Seann William Scott

SWS vs Jason Biggs
 
 
Sean William Scott, soley because he's funnier.

SWS vs Alan Tudyk
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Because that's not how you play the game!  

Seann William Scott

SWS vs Jason Biggs

 

Well please explain for me then, im new to this actually thread!  
 
 
Gladly.  

You reply to the person who posted before you; you choose a winner from the two they compare, then compare that person with another of your choice.

So for example, I said:

 
Originally Posted by me
Seann William Scott vs Jason Biggs

 

Jayk Bakner then said:

 
Originally Posted by Jayk Bakner
SWS vs Alan Tudyk

 

Then I would say SWS again.

So now I compare Seann William Scott with an actor of my choice.

Seann William Scott vs Alan Rickman. (yes this does count for the game by the way; it's no longer just an example)

Make sense?
 
 
Alan Rickman

Alan Rickman Vs Jeremy Irons
 
 
Jeremy Irons, because he was the funnier Die Hard villain!  

Jeremy Irons vs Ed Norton
 
 
Ed Norton - Cant mess with King Baldwin

Ed Norton Vs David Schwimmer
 
 
Ed Norton

Ed Norton Vs Matt Damon
 
 
Ed Norton

Ed Norton vs Donald Sutherland
 
 
Ed Norton

Ed Norton Vs Alexander Siddig(Kingdom of Heaven, Star Trek)
 
 
Ed Norton

Ed Norton vs Keifer Sutherland  
 
 
Ed Norton

Ed Norton vs Johnny Depp   x
 
 
Johnny Depp

Johnny Depp vs Keira Knightley
 
 
No contest - Johnny Depp

Johnny Depp Vs Sam Neill
 
 
Sam Neill

Sam Neill vs Jeff Goldblum
 
 
Jeff Goldblum vs Keanu Reeves
 
 
Jeff Goldblum vs Laurence Fishbourne
 
 
Lawrence Fishburne vs Cuba Gooding Jr.
 
 
Lawrence Fishburne vs Todd Louiso
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Lawrence Fishburne vs Todd Louiso

 

Lawrence Fishburne -V- William Petersen
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Irish-Jojo
Lawrence Fishburne -V- William Petersen

 

Lawrence Fishburne -V- Samuel L Jackson
 
 
Samuel L Jackson -V- Morgan Freeman
 
 
freeman vs the guy who played andy dufraine
 
 
Morgan Freeman -V- Al Pacino
 
 
Andy Dufresne = Tim Robbins

Morgan Freeman vs Joe Pantoliano
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Tom Cruise
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Kevin Spacey
 
 
MORGAN FREEMAN (Duh--LOL)

Morgan Freeman -V- Marlon Brando
 
 
That's exactly what I thought when he was up against Tom Cruise (Tom Cruise!!)

Morgan Freeman vs Michael Caine
 
 
Morgan Freeman -V- Harrison Ford
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Marilyn Monroe
 
 
Morgan Freeman Vs Denzel washington
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Dustin Hoffman
 
 
Morgan Freeman -V- Richard Harris(RIP)!
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Robert De Niro
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Morgan Freeman vs Robert De Niro

 

I would have to say Morgan Freeman, he has been in a fair few films I have loved.

Morgan Freeman or Brian Cox
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs John Wayne
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Morgan Freeman vs John Wayne

 

Morgan Freeman vs Patrick Stuart
 
 
Patrick Stewart

Patrick Stewart vs Hugo Weaving
 
 
Patrick Stewart vs William Shatner
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Patrick Stewart vs William Shatner

 

Patrick stewart vs Brent Spiner
 
 
Spiner lol gta love Data

Spiner vs Jeff Goldblum
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Barfee
Spiner lol gta love Data

Spiner vs Jeff Goldblum

 

Spiner made independence day!

Spiner vs Michael Dorn
 
 
 
Originally Posted by wiwarin_mir
Spiner made independence day!

Spiner vs Michael Dorn

 

Spiner vs. Jack Nicholson
 
 
Jack Nicholson vs Dennis Quaid
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Jack Nicholson vs Dennis Quaid

 

Dennis Quaid vs Sacha Baron Cohen
 
 
Dennis Quaid vs Randy Quaid
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Dennis Quaid vs Randy Quaid

 

Randy Quaid just for his android in Pluto Nash!

Randy Quaid vs Antony Quinn
 
 
Randy Quaid -V- Humphrey Bogart
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Irish-Jojo
Randy Quaid -V- Humphrey Bogart

 

randy Quaid vs Charlie Chaplin
 
 
Charlie Chaplin -V- Gene Kelly
 
 
gene kelly vs gene wilder
 
 
Gene Kelly -V- Fred Astarie

It was once said you could devide the world over who liked Gene and who Liked Fred!!!

For me FRED al the way! LOL
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Irish-Jojo
Gene Kelly -V- Fred Astarie

It was once said you could devide the world over who liked Gene and who Liked Fred!!!

For me FRED al the way! LOL

 

gene kelly vs gene hackman
 
 
gene hackman -V- Michael Keaton
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Irish-Jojo
gene hackman -V- Michael Keaton

 

Michael Keaton vs Michael Cain
 
 
Michael Kenton -V- Michelle Phieffer
 
 
Michelle Pfiefer (slinky!!!   )

Michelle Pfiefer vs Uma Thurman
 
 
Uma Thurman vs Angelina Jolie
 
 
Uma Therman

Uma Therman v Natalie Portman
 
 
Uma Thurman -V- Julia Roberts
 
 
Julia Roberts

Julia Roberts vs Keira Knightley
 
 
Julia Roberts vs Julianne Moore
 
 
Julianne Moore (coz Jurassic Park 2)

Julianne Moore vs Jean Reno
 
 
Julianne Moore -V- Nicole Kidman
 
 
Julianne Moore vs Carrie Fischer
 
 
Carrie Fisher -V- Meg Ryan (When Harry Meet Sally Theme LOL)
 
 
Carrie Fischer

Carrie Fischer vs Jennifer Connelly
 
 
Carrie Fisher vs Anne Hathaway
 
 
Anne Hathaway Vs Kirsten Dunst
 
 
Kirsten Dunst vs Eliza Dushku (   )
 
 
Eliza Dushku

Eliza Dushku vs Elisha Cuthbert
 
 
Eliza Dushku vs Jessica Biel
 
 
Jessica Biel v Reese Witherspoon
 
 
Reese Witherspoon -V- Naomi Watts
 
 
Naomi Watts

Naomi Watts vs Emma Watson
 
 
Easy.

Naomi Watts vs Kim Basinger
 
 
naomi watts

naomi watts vs evangeline lilly
 
 
naomi watts vs Kiera Knightley
 
 
Keira Knightley vs Sigourney Weaver
 
 
Sigourney Weaver vs. Sandra Bullock
 
 
Sandra Bullock vs Kate Beckinsale
 
 
SANDRA BULLOCK -V- Julia Roberts!!

This was seen as the biggest debate in late 80's early 90's!! LOL
 
 
I hate Julia Roberts, though she is a capable actress. However, as I more enjoy films with Sandra, it is only fair I choose her.

Sandra Bullock vs Catherine Zeta-Jones
 
 
toughyyyyy I like 'em both!!!

Hmmm   but I guess if I had to choose, I'd probably pick

Sandra Bullock vs Angelina Jolie
 
 
Another toughie. I like them both, but I will go for Angelina ;yes;

Angelina Jolie vs Jennifer Lopez

haha
 
 
Ah damn

Errr Jennifer Lopez vs Jennifer Aniston
 
 
jennifer aniston vs jessica alba.
 
 
Jennifer Lopez actually won due to her acting...ability?  

Jessica Alba vs Mena Suvari
 
 
Jessica Alba

Jessica Alba vs Radha Mitchell
 
 
Jessica Alba vs Shirley Temple.
 
 
Jessica Alba vs Raquel Welch
 
 
Raquwl Welch -V- Natile Portman
 
 
Natalie Portman

Natalie Portman vs Rachel Weisz
 
 
Rachael Weisz vs Rita Hayworth
 
 
RITA HAYWORTH -V- Viven Leigh
 
 
Rita Hayworth vs Audrey Hepburn
 
 
Rita Hayworth; Audrey Hepburn annoys me. Plus Rita's infinitely more beautiful, IMHO.

Rita Hayworth vs Marylin Monroe
 
 
Marylin Monroe

Marylin Monroe vs Emma Thompson
 
 
Marylin Monroe -V- Audery Hepburn
 
 
Audrey Hepburn

Audrey Hepburn vs Reese Witherspoon
 
 
Audery Hepburn -V- Katherine Hepburn
 
 
Audrey Hepburn

Audrey Hepburn vs Shawnee Smith(Amanda in Saw films)
 
 
Audery Hepburn -V- Ginger Rogers
 
 
I agree with Jayk, and I also don't see how the lovely Rita was beaten by Marilyn Monroe...but nevermind.

Audrey Hepburn vs Mimi Rogers
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
I agree with Jayk, and I also don't see how the lovely Rita was beaten by Marilyn Monroe...but nevermind.

Audrey Hepburn vs Mimi Rogers

 

Audrey Hepburn was very beautiful, and to boot did a lot of charity work in her later years and survived Nazi persecution. Her > Rita Hayworth by a mile.

Audrey Hepburn Vs Vivien Leigh
 
 
Charity work doesn't equate beauty though. And your opinion is fine, I just think Rita Hayworth was more attractive.  

Audrey Hepburn vs Dame Judi Dench
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Charity work doesn't equate beauty though.

 

Never said it did  .
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Pav27
Never said it did  .

 

Ok cool, it just seemed you were using that as justification for her being more desireable.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Charity work doesn't equate beauty though. And your opinion is fine, I just think Rita Hayworth was more attractive.  

 

 

Totally  

Audrey Hepburn vs Scarlett Johanssen
 
 
Scarlett Johansen vs Kate Winslet
 
 
Scarlett Johansen vs Cate Blanchet
 
 
Cate Blanchett Vs Helena Bonham Carter
 
 
Cate Blanchett -V- Nicole Kidman
 
 
Cate Blanchett vs Kristin Scott-Thomas
 
 
Kristin Scott-Thomas -V- Bonnie Hunt
 
 
Kristin Scott-Thomas vs Julie Walters
 
 
Julie Waters -V- Brenda Ficker
 
 
Julie Walters

Julie Walters vs Miranda Otto
 
 
Julie Walters vs Helen Mirren
 
 
Julie Waltors vs Lisa Kudrow
 
 
Julie Walters vs. Emma Thompson
 
 
Emma Thompson

Emma Thompson vs Liv Tyler
 
 
Liv Tyler vs Helen Hunt
 
 
Liv Tyler

Liv Tyler or Cate Blanchett? (Battle of the Elves!!... ahem...)
 
 
Cate Blanchett -V- Nicole Kidmen
 
 
Cate Blanchett is a better actress but Liv Tyler is more attractive ;yes;

Cate Blanchett vs Natasha Gregson Wagner
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Cate Blanchett is a better actress but Liv Tyler is more attractive ;yes;

Cate Blanchett vs Natasha Gregson Wagner

 

WHO?!?!?

*wikis*

Oooooh! The bird who was Rob's final temptation in High Fidelity - the music columnist! Nah...Blanchett is way better  

Cate Blanchett vs Naomi Watts
 
 
Cate Blanchett - hands down!

Cate Blanchett vs. Julianne Moore
 
 
Julianne Moore

Julianne Moore vs Tea Leoni
 
 
Teo Lenoi -V- Hugh Grant
 
 
Hugh Grant.

Hugh Grant vs. Colin Firth
 
 
Back to men I see. I pick Hugh Grant

Hugh Grant vs Sam Neill
 
 
Sam Neill vs Eric Bana
 
 
ohhh tough one

Sam Neill coz of Jurassic Park

Sam Neill vs Edward Norton
 
 
Edward Norton because he's a legend.

Edward Norton vs. John Cusack
 
 
Ed Norton

Ed Norton vs Al Pacino
 
 
Ed Norton vs Jack Black
 
 
Ed again.

Edward Norton vs Johnny Depp
 
 
Not a fair choice. I'll take Ed Norton on principle; he is - after all - in one of my favourite movies of all time; Fight Club!

Ed Norton vs Nicholas Cage
 
 
Ed Norton

Ed Norton vs Oded Fehr
 
 
Ed again again.

Ed Norton vs Brad Pitt
 
 
I cannot believe Ed Norton is still winning.

Brad Pitt (for the films Meet Joe Black and Snatch)

Brad Pitt vs Vince Vaughn
 
 
Vince Vaughn for Dodgeball - so bad it's good!

Vince Vaughn vs. Owen Wilson
 
 
Owen Wilson - one coooooool guy

Owen Wilson vs probably his best mate Ben Stiller
 
 
Owen Wilson

Owen Wilson vs Luke Wilson - decide that one if you dare
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Owen Wilson

Owen Wilson vs Luke Wilson - decide that one if you dare

 

Luke Wilson, because of his role in The Royal Tenenbaums and Old School

Luke Wilson Vs Steve Carell
 
 
Yes! Luke is immense in The Royal Tenenbaums, though I also admire Owen's performance (though not his character) from that film.

Luke Wilson vs Danny Glover
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jonah Ramone
Yes! Luke is immense in The Royal Tenenbaums, though I also admire Owen's performance (though not his character) from that film.

 

Agreed! Lots of brilliant performances in that film.

Luke Wilson vs. Will Ferrell
 
 
Luke Wilson -V- Owen Wilson
 
 
Woah, de ja vu. The winner's still Luke!

Luke Wilson vs. Andrew Wilson
 
 
Luke Wilson

Luke Wilson vs Casey Affleck
 
 
Luke Wilson -V- Ben Stiller
 
 
Ben Stiller

Ben Stiller vs Viggo Mortensen
 
 
I'll go for Viggo for his performance in A History of Violence (not because he's Danish or anything   ).

Viggo Mortensen vs. Orlando Bloom
 
 
Bloom

Bloom vs Elijah Wood
 
 
Bloom -V- Johnny Depp
 
 
Eurgh. Depp.

Johnny Depp vs Mel Gibson
 
 
Depp easily.

Johnny Depp vs. Keira Knightley
 
 
Depp

Depp versus Alec Balwdin
 
 
Depp again.

Johnny Depp vs Keifer Sutherland
 
 
Depp.

Johnny Depp vs. Bruce Willis
 
 
Should I break the Depp chain? Nah

Johnny Depp vs Orlando Bloom
 
 
Orlando Bloom vs Elijah Wood
 
 
Orlando Bloom vs Johnny Depp
 
 
Orlando Bloom vs Danny Dyer
 
 
Orlando Bloom

Bloom vs Eric Bana
 
 
Tough... Bana was a genius in Chopper..

Eric Bana vs Owen Wilson
 
 
Eric Bana

Eric Bana vs Tom Hanks
 
 
tom hanks v al pacino
 
 
ooooooo tough one, but ill go for Pacino coz hes the "Godfather"

Al Pacino vs Robert De Niro
 
 
Pacino, because De Niro's been making **** recently (the Good Shepherd non-withstanding).

Al Pacino vs Dustin Hoffman
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Jayk Bakner
Pacino, because De Niro's been making **** recently (the Good Shepherd non-withstanding).

Al Pacino vs Dustin Hoffman

 

Another tough one, I love both actors.
I'll go for Pacino.

Al Pacino vs. Jack Nicholson
 
 
Thank God we finally got away from bloody Depp and Bloom.  

Jack Nicholson, "here's Johnny"

Jack Nicholson vs Sir Ian McKellen
 
 
Sir Ian McKellen easily for me. I hate Nicholson. He was the only bad thing about the Departed

Sir Ian vs Christopher Lee
 
 
Sir Ian McKellan, but only because I haven't seen many of Lee's films to know better.  

Sir Ian McKellan vs Patrick Stewart
 
 
Captain Picard by a country mile

Patrick Stewart vs Brent Spiner
 
 
Patrick Stewart, though Data is a ledge  

Patrick Stewart vs Joe Belushi
 
 
Patrick Stewart

Patrick Stewart vs Leonardo Di Caprio
 
 
Patrick Stewart vs Steve Buscemi
 
 
Steve Buscemi coz of Monsters Inc  

Steve Buscemi vs John Goodman
 
 
Mr Goodman.

John Goodman vs. Jeff Bridges
 
 
John Goodman

John Goodman vs Timothy Olyphant (Gonna play Agent 47 in the Hitman film)
 
 
John Goodman -V- John Candy
 
 
John Candy vs John Hannah
 
 
John Hannah vs Ewan McGregor
 
 
John Hannah vs Kelsey Grammer
 
 
Kelsey Grammer-but only cos i love Frasier
 
 
Well seeing as his answer isn't complete  

John Hannah vs Alun Armstrong
 
 
John Hannah

John Hanna vs Richard Attenborough
 
 
Richard Attenborough vs Pete Postlethwaite
 
 
Richard Attenborough vs Peter O'Toole
 
 
Richard Attenborough vs (Sir) David Jason
 
 
Sir David

Sir David vs Sean Connery
 
 
Sir David Jason vs Ronnie Barker
 
 
Ronnie Barker vs Alessandro Nivolo(Billy in Jurassic Park 3)
 
 
Ronnie Barker vs Dirk Bogarde
 
 
Ronnie

Ronnie vs Morgan Freeman
 
 
Morgan Freeman. And off he goes again on another run of wins   (he is a ledge tho innit   )

Morgan Freeman vs John Cusack
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Arnold Schwarzenegger
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Jack Black
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Denzel Washington
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Bob Gunton
 
 
Morgan Freeman

Freeman vs Sammy L Jackson
 
 
Difficult that.

Samuel L. Jackson vs Nicolas Cage
 
 
samuel l. jackson vs leonardo di caprio
 
 
Samuel L Jackson vs Mark Wahlberg
 
 
Samuel L Jackson
Samuel L jackson V Ian Mckellen
 
 
Samuel L Jackson vs Marlon Wayans
 
 
 

Samuel L Jackson vs Liam Neeson
 
 
lets pull out the big guns

samuel l. v al pacino
 
 
Samuel L Jackson vs Marlon Brando
 
 
Sam Jackson vs God    

I think Sam would still win  

Seriously, though:

Sam Jackson vs Jamie Foxx
 
 
Samuel Jackson [for both LOL] -V- Harrison Ford
 
 
Ohhh - I gotta go for Harrison Ford coz of Indiana Jones

Indy vs Hayden Christensen
 
 
Harrison Ford!!

Harrison Ford v Robert Reford
 
 
OHH they are two of my faves!!

Harrison Ford (Has aged better LOL) -V- Al Pancio
 
 
Its gotta be the Godfather

Al Pacino vs George Clooney
 
 
Al Pacino vs Robert De Niro
 
 
Both give very good performances in The Godfather and Heat

Al Pacino vs Brad Pitt
 
 
Brad Pitt (because I don't really watch films like the Godfather often)

Brad Pitt vs Jason Statham
 
 
Brad Pitt -V- Tom Cruise

LOL - Who is Chessier! LOL
 
 
Tom Cruise. Pitt is annoying..  

Tom Cruise vs Katie Holmes
 
 
Tom Cruise

Tom Cruise vs Tom Hanks
 
 
The Cruiser. He might be a complete wierdo; but he's a quality actor. Tom Hanks' only truly great film was The Green Mile; Cruise has had Jerry Maguire, Interview with the Vampire, Top Gun...etc etc

Tom Cruise vs Mel Gibson
 
 
Theyre both great actors, but I choose Mel Gibson coz of Braveheart

Mel Gibson vs Joaquin Phoenix
 
 
Mel Gibson -V- Bruce Willis
 
 
Bruce Willis vs John Cleese
 
 
'Fraid I'm gonna have to disagree with you there Bakner; Green Mile, Saving Private Ryan, both excellent films. Ok, so Castaway sucked, as did Da Vinci Code, but hey, give the guy a break. Big was great too.  
 
 
bruce willis v john travolta
 
 
Travolta - Purely for Grease and the likes of Face/Off and all the other classics he has been in. Bruce Willis was only good in the Die Hard Stuff.  

John Travolta vs Nicolas Cage
 
 
Cage for Con Air

Nicolas Cage vs Gary Sinise
 
 
Nicolas Cage

Cage vs Robin Williams
 
 
Perhaps there should be another thread for actresses, this one seems to be dominated by the men?

Robin Williams (I detest them both, but I detest Nicolas Cage slightly more)

Robin Williams Vs Jim Carey.
 
 
Perhaps there should. But wouldn't that fuel the whole 'equality' debate?

Robin Williams

Robin Williams vs Christian Slater
 
 
Robin Willaims -V- Billy Crystal
 
 
Robin Williams vs Janeane Garofalo

I may as well be the first to try  
 
 
Robin Williams

Robin Williams vs Ewan McGregor
 
 
  Janeane Garafolo  

Tough one Obi...

Ewan McGregor vs Robert Carlysle
 
 
Robert Carlyle -V- Robbie coultrage
 
 
Robert Carlyle Vs Samuel L Jackson
 
 
Sam L Jackson

Sam L Jackson vs Tim Robbins
 
 
Tim Robbins, but only for Andy Dufresne

Tim Robbins vs Joan Cusack
 
 
Joan Cusack -V- John Cusack
 
 
John Cusack vs Demi Moore
 
 
John Cusack V Renee Zellwegger (sp?)

Maybe, but it's kind of hard to compare actresses and actors.
 
 
I agree, it is kind of hard.

John Cusack vs Niamh Cusack
 
 
John Cusack vs Helen Mirren

And Jonah! What's so funny about me suggesting Janeane Garofalo! She's great!
 
 
John Cusack vs Matt Damon

Sorry Jayk it's just, Janeane Garofalo... It's funny that's all  
 
 
Matt Damon

Matt Damon vs Leonardo Di Caprio
 
 
Matt Damon vs Casey Affleck
 
 
Tough choice.....

Casey Affleck vs his bro, Ben
 
 
Casey Affleck vs Seth Green
 
 
He was the guy in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, right? Im choosing him anyway

Seth Green vs Sarah Michelle Gellar
 
 
Er, I thought he was in Austin Powers and the modern Italian Job?

No matter.

Sarah Michelle Gellar  

SMG vs Alyson Hannigan
 
 
You'd both be right; he was in all three  

Sarah Michelle Gellar vs Eliza Dushku
 
 
Sarah Michelle Geller (even though Faith rocked- in an evil way!) Vs Evangeline Lily.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by miss_world
Sarah Michelle Geller (even though Faith rocked- in an evil way!) Vs Evangeline Lily.

 

oh my as much as i loved buffy, faith was so ****ing hot,

Evangeline lily vs eva longoria
 
 
Sylvester Stallone
caus im a big rocky and rambo fan

Evangeline lily vs Sylvester Stallone
 
 
Evangeline Lilly vs Cate Blanchett
 
 
Cate Blanchett Vs Nicole Kidman
 
 
Nicole Kidman, purely on the basis that she's really, really tall. Other wise I couldn't decide...

Nicole Kidman vs Naomi Watts
 
 
Nicole Kidman vs Kate Winslett
 
 
Nicole Kidman

Nicole Kidman vs Renee Zelwegger
 
 
nicole kidman vs nicholas cage
 
 
 
Originally Posted by AJ
nicole kidman vs nicholas cage

 

Nicholas Cage vs. Paddy Considine
 
 
Nicholas Cage versus Alec Boldwin
 
 
Alec Baldwin

Alec Baldwin vs Mark Wahlberg
 
 
Mark Wahlberg vs Whoopi Goldberg
 
 
Whoopi Goldberg coz Star Trek TNG

Whoopi Goldberg vs Goldberg (the wrestler who came in Universal Soldier)
 
 
Whoopi Godlberg  

Whoopi Godlberg vs Ted Danson
 
 
hmmm, lets see........ I'll go for......

Whoopi Goldberg vs Eva Green
 
 
Whoopi Goldberg vs Woody Harrelson
 
 
Neva heard of that guy so again

Whoopi Goldberg vs Daniel Craig
 
 
Whoopi Goldberg versus Mila Jovovich.
 
 
Mila Jovovich

Mila Jovovich vs Uma Thurman
 
 
Mila Jovovich versus Charlize Theron.
 
 
Charlize Theron vs Rachel McAdams
 
 
Rachel McAdams vs Sienna Miller
 
 
Sienna Miller vs Michelle Rodriguez
 
 
Sienna Miller

Sienna Miller vs Penelope Cruz
 
 
Peneope Cruz vs Cameron Diaz
 
 
thats a hard one,

penelope cruz vs jessica alba
 
 
Jessica Alba

Jessica Alba vs Jessica Biel
 
 
Jessica Alba vs Rosario Dawson
 
 
Jessica Alba versus Winona Rider.
 
 
Jessica Alba vs Kate Bosworth
 
 
Jessica Alba

Jessica Alba vs Kirsten Dunst
 
 
Kirsten Dunst vs Harrison Ford
 
 
Harrison Ford vs Hayden Christensen
 
 
Harrison Ford versus Jack Nicholson
 
 
harrison ford vs pearce brosnan
 
 
Harrison Ford versus Keanu Reeves
 
 
Harrison Ford vs Sean Connery
 
 
Harrison Ford vs Liam Neeson
 
 
Liam Neeson vs Hugh Grant
 
 
Hugh Grant versus Laurence Fishbourne
 
 
Hugh Grant vs Nicolas Hoult
 
 
Hugh Grant versus Danzel Washighton
 
 
Denzel Washington vs Jim Caviezel
 
 
Denzel Washington vs Tobin Bell (Jigsaw in Saw)
 
 
Denzel Washington versus Morgan Freeman
 
 
OMG Morgan Freeman Duh!!

M Freeman -V- Laurence Oliver
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Wesley Snipes
 
 
Morgan Freeman vs Dane Cook
 
 
Morgan Freeman versus Alan Rickman
 
 
Alan Rickman vs Tom Hanks
 
 
Alan Rickman vs Richard Harris
 
 
Alan Rickman vs Gary Oldman
 
 
alan rickman vs bill nighy
 
 
Alan Rickman vs Jack Nicholson
 
 
Jack Nicholson versus Anthony Hopkins
 
 
Hannibal all the way

Anthony Hopkins vs Jean Reno
 
 
Anthony Hopkins versus Roger Moore
 
 
Anthony Hopkins vs Daniel Craig
 
 
anthony hopkins vs hugh jackman
 
 
Hugh Jackman -V- Patrick Stewart
 
 
hugh jackman vs george clooney
 
 
Hugh Jackman vs Orlando Bloom
 
 
Hugh Jackman vs Rachel Weisz
 
 
Rachel Weisz vs Kate Winslet
 
 
Anthony Hopkins versus Ian Holm
 
 
Anthony Hopkins vs Ben Kingsley
 
 
Anthony Hopkins vs Ashton Kutcher
 
 
Anthony Hopkins vs James Dean  
 
 
Anthony Hopkins vs Laurence Olivier
 
 
Anthony Hopkins vs Kevin Spacey
 
 
Anthony Hopkins v. Richard Burton
 
 
Anthony Hopkins vs Joaquin Phoenix
 
 
anthony hopkins vs al pachino
 
 
I think Dick Burton should at least be considered as good as Tony Hop, but, well it seems old Sir Anthony is doing well here...

Anthony Hopkins v. Paul Newman
 
 
Until, of course, Paul Newman comes along!

Paul Newman vs Ciarán Hinds
 
 
Paul Newman vs Paul Bettany
 
 
Paul Newman vs Robert Redford
 
 
Paul Newman vs Keanu Reeves
 
 
Keanu Reeves vs Jack Black
 
 
Jack Black vs Bill Murray
 
 
Jack Black vs Dana Carvey
 
 
Jack Black vs Alessandro Nivolo
 
 
Jack Black vs Mike Myers
 
 
Jack Black vs Adam West
 
 
Jack Black vs Steve McQueen
 
 
Jack Black vs Jim Carrey
 
 
Jim Carrey vs Will Farrell
 
 
How the hell is jack Black better then Steve McQueen?   That's just terriblé!!  

Jim Carey vs Robin Williams
 
 
Who is Steve McQueen?

Robin Williams, just, because Carrey has been awful of late.

Williams vs Steve Martin
 
 
Robin Williams vs Eddie Murphy
 
 
  I'll pretend i never read ' Who is Steve McQueen'  

Robin Williams vs Sally Field
 
 
Robin Williams vs Gary Sinise
 
 
Robin Williams vs Matthew Lillard
 
 
Robin Williams vs Colin Firth
 
 
Colin Firth  

Colin Firth vs Jack Davenport
 
 
Colin Firth vs Hugh Grant
 
 
Colin Firth vs John Goodman
 
 
Colin Firth vs Ewan McGregor
 
 
Me!

Ewan McGregor vs Hayden Christensen
 
 
You (Ewan) vs Liam Neeson (your mentor)

 
 
 
Liam Neeson ('That's Oskar Schindler!'   ) vs. Tom Hanks
 
 
Liam Neeson vs Bill Nighy
 
 
Liam Neeson vs Penelope Cruz
 
 
Penelope Cruz vs Jennifer Lopez
 
 
Penelope Cruz vs Drew Barrymore
 
 
penelope cruz vs mischa barton
 
 
Penelope Cruz vs Angelina Jolie
 
 
Angelina Jolie vs stacey dash
 
 
Anjelina Jolie vs Uma Thurman
 
 
angelina jolie vs shilpa shetty
 
 
Angelina Jolie vs Clive Owen
 
 
Angelia Jolie vs Neeve Campbell
 
 
angelina jolie vs christopher reeves RIP
 
 
Christopher Reeves vs Richard Gere
 
 
Richard Gere vs Kevin Costner
 
 
Kevin Costner vs Bruce Willis
 
 
Kevin Costner vs Christian Slater
 
 
Kevin Costner vs The Schwartzenegger
 
 
Arnie vs Dolph Lundgren
 
 
The Governator vs Jean Claude Van Damme
 
 
I take it you mean Arnie again

Arnie vs Danny Glover
 
 
Ever heard that used to describe anyone else?  
 
 
Well no... But Dolph is better, so I could hope  
 
 
Arnie vs Sly Stallone
 
 
Arnie vs Randy Quaid
 
 
Arnie -V- Steven Segal
 
 
Steven Segal  

Steven Segal vs Chuck Norris
 
 
Chuck Norris vs. David Hasselhoff
 
 
 

Chuck Norris vs Charlton Heston
 
 
Right....that's it! Game over, man! Game over! Chuck can never be beaten! Although....

Chuck Norris vs Kiefer Sutherland (specifically, Jack Bauer)

;grin;
 
 
Keifer vs Donald (like Father like Son)
 
 
Kiefer Sutherland vs Simon Pegg
 
 
Kiefer Sutherland vs John Travlota
 
 
John Travolta vs Olivia Newton John.

 
 
 
Eurgh

John Travolta vs Nicolas Cage
 
 
Nicolas Cage vs Sean Connery
 
 
Sean Connery vs. Roger Moore
 
 
Connery vs Brosnan
 
 
Pierce Brosnan vs Daniel Craig
 
 
Brosnan beat Connery?  

Daniel Craig vs. Clive Owen
 
 
