 
 
MLB Thread
 
 
What are the favorite teams out there?

Favorite players?

I was born and raised a white sox fan, and hope to be buried 100 years (too optimisic?) from now wearing a white sox hat.

Favorite players: well this year I really like Jim Thome, but I have been a Frank Thomas fan since I was a kid. I also like Dontrelle Willis on the Marlins.
 
 
Kenji Jojima - Catcher, Mariners. I LIKE this kid.  
 
 
Houston Astros and Seattle Mariners...
 
 
I am a C ubs
Fan....Have been ever since I can remember...
I remember ladies days(Fridays...girls over 13 were freeand the ladies were encouraged to bring the kids)...back when they were trying to get the women to fill the stands cause our team sucked so bad...we were blacked out from watching it on TV and I would have to listen to Jack Brickhouse..on the radio instead of watching Rick Monday and Jose Cardinal and I even remember Mr Cub...Ernie Banks actually playing while I watched it...
I am forever hopeful this is next year and we might finally win more then a division or wild card it in...
I like Matt Murton...the little red haired devil...all around good player...can field as well as swing a bat and he's fairly young...
I see I have a town rival...a Sox fan...
I'm happy they won for the city but I will never warm up to them...didn't hop on the band wagon last year either..Just said...good for them..
I hope my team makes me proud...an above 500. average in wins would be nice  
 
 
Atlanta Braves

Greg Maddux, Jeff Francouer, John Smoltz, Dale Murphy, Odibe McDowell and Javy Lopez
 
 
I like to see the Astros go well. Only because I was taken to a game at the Astrodome once by some friends in Houston. It was excellent. I sat up the back with the security people and drank big buckets of beer and cheered the home side. Great fun. Oh they beat the San Francisco Giants that night and a bloke in the crowd proposed to his girlfriend and it was shown on the big video screen. She said yes and everyone cheered. Quite an amazing evening.
 
 
I saw the Orioles-Tigers play tonight... and the Tigers won!

We were joking with O's fans that we had champagne in the trunk to celebrate.
 
 
 
I like to see the Astros go well. Only because I was taken to a game at the Astrodome once by some friends in Houston. It was excellent. I sat up the back with the security people and drank big buckets of beer and cheered the home side. Great fun. Oh they beat the San Francisco Giants that night and a bloke in the crowd proposed to his girlfriend and it was shown on the big video screen. She said yes and everyone cheered. Quite an amazing evening.

 

I grew up in Houston, and attended several Astros games in the Dome. I've been to Enron/Minutemaid Field twice, and it's different, but still fun.
 
 
Phillies Fan for better or Worse. Usually worse though.

This year shows promise.

Chase Utley, Ryan Howard and Aaron Rowand are my favorite players. Jim thome is one of my favs not on the phillies anymore. Hopefully Cole Hamels will quickly become a favorite as his major league debut is Friday night.
 
 
 
I grew up in Houston, and attended several Astros games in the Dome. I've been to Enron/Minutemaid Field twice, and it's different, but still fun.

 

I'd never been in an indoor stadium of that size before, it was a great experience.
 
 
 
Phillies Fan for better or Worse. Usually worse though.

This year shows promise.

Chase Utley, Ryan Howard and Aaron Rowand are my favorite players. Jim thome is one of my favs not on the phillies anymore. Hopefully Cole Hamels will quickly become a favorite as his major league debut is Friday night.

 

Rowand's encounter with the wall looked pretty ugly. He is a great player though, a tough gritty kind of guy. He is a blast to watch.
 
 
 
Rowand's encounter with the wall looked pretty ugly. He is a great player though, a tough gritty kind of guy. He is a blast to watch.

 

He just made himself a hero in philly for years to come with that play. Worth the 2 weeks on the DL.
 
 
