 
 
THE AMERICAN CIVIL WAR: Before First Manassas
 
 
Panzade asked for such a thread. I am a little hesitant, as it is a sufficiently controversial subject, and a great many people know, and often only think they know, a great deal or only just a little, on the subject (i'm not exempting myself from potential criticism here, and this is a point to keep well in mind).

So let us all have at it. Please try to remain courteous, and i will engage to do so myself. Add your thoughts, your comments, your opinions, ask questions, guffaw at buffoonery, tip the wait staff generously.

Let us start at the beginning, and see how it goes.

In 1855, the Secretary of War in the cabinet of Franklin Pierce, a hero of the Mexican War and graduate of West Point,  Jefferson Davis , proposed the creation of a second regiment of cavalry, and it whizzed through the Congress, destined specifically for service on the Texas frontier, where there was the greatest apprehension of hostilities with the Indiands.  The Second United States Cavlary's  roll of officers reads like a pantheon of Confederate Generals. Four of it's officers,  Albert Sidney Johnston ,  Robert Edward Lee ,  Edmund Kirby Smith  and  John Bell Hood  attained the rank of full general in Confederate Service. The regiment was often referred to in the Army at that time as "Jefferson Davis' Own," and was a career opportunity for many Southern officers. At that time, as at the outbreak of the war, A. S. Johnston was considered the premier soldier of the Southern states. R. E. Lee commanded the regiment briefly when it was first formed and was training, and in 1857 when Colonel Johnston was absent campaigning against the Mormons in Utah (they had decided to kill a few Federal judges and marshalls, in order to assert their supremacy), and again in the winter of 1860-61, after Johnston had yet again left Federal Service, and had gone to California.

Lee had been granted a leave, on the occassion of an illness of his wife (a frequent occurance throughout their married life), just days before the state of Texas seceded from the Union--despite Governor Houston's warnings about the likely consequences. Prior to the referendum called for by Houston, the secession convention had created a Committee for Public Safety (had no one learned anything from the French Revolution?), which seized the Federal Arsenal in San Antonio de Bejar, i believe under the leadership of  Ben McCulloch , already a hero in Texas as one of the original Texas Rangers. I haven't much truck for historical "what-ifs," but i do often wonder if Lee would have defended the arsenal based upon his oath, had he not already gone on leave. He later secured transportation to New York, but his luggage was delayed, and subsequently seized by Federal authorities. Another Virginian,  George Henry Thomas , took charge of the troopers of the Second Cavalry who had remained in barracks, assembled all of the remounts he had been able to protect, and marched with about 3000 federal troops (most were support troops for the cavalry and outposts on the frontier), eventually arriving at Carlysle Barracks in Pennsylvania--then the home of the Cavalry. Although a Virginian like Lee, Thomas remained faithful to his oath to protect and defend the constitution (as he saw it), and was to play a crucial role in Federal arms in the war.

Lee returned to the Virginia estate of his father-in-law, George Washington Parke Custis, which was named after the estate of his (Custis') great grandfather on the eastern shore--Arlington. There, Lee showed his unflagging consideration and patience for his wife's frail health (she was badly crippled with arthritis by this time), and was courted by another Virginian of monumental military fame, Winfield Scott, to remain in the Federal Service with the rank of Major General, and command of all armies in the field.

For Lee, i recommend the classic biography, R. E. Lee, by Douglas Southall Freeman. Curiously, although Freeman had written an essay early in his career which very objectively shredded Confederate military policy during the war, he used few of those criticisms in his two classics, R. E. Lee and Lee's Lieutenants. I recommend keeping a salt cellar at your elbow while reading.

For Albert Sydney Johnston and George Henry Thomas, i recommend two "antique" biographies: The Life of General Albert Sidney Johnston, Colonel William Preston Johnston, 1878, C. P. Roland--it has been reprinted in 1964 and 1987--W. P. Johnston, son of A. S. Johnston, is also an important source for the Lee hagiography, having interviewed Lee at Washington College (now Washington and Lee University) after the war, and was the first President of Tulane University; and, The Rock of Chickamauga: the Life of Major General George H. Thomas, Thomas Budd Van Horne, C. Scribners, 1882 (and be aware that there is a turgid historical novel with the title Rock of Chickamauga about the Army of the Cumberland which i recommend to anyone lacking imagination and careless of historical accuracy)--i don't know if this has ever been reissued, i read it in childhood and in adolescence, having found it in two different small town libraries in the original edition.
 
 
I never realized that R.E. Lee had a Texas connection until my recent driving trip through West Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and Southern California. Every other historical marker you stop at seems to mention Lee as having commanded a post here, led a sortie against marauding Comanches there etc. For this amateur student of the histpry of that period, this was an eye-opener. I knew that Lee had been commissioned in the Engineers and had fought in the War with Mexico as, I believe, a lieutenant, but had no notion of what, exactly, he did between 1848 and 1860.

His wife, by the way, suffered dreadfully from rheumatoid arthritis. Lee loved her very much and her distress made him a very somber and melancholy man.
 
 
Since I was named after Lee's wife, guess I had better mark this thread.
 
 
Lee, who at the time of his graduation from West Point was second in his class, could have chosen any service he wanted. He chose the engineers. He worked on the fortifications at New York, when the new brick fortresses were all the rage (Fort Sumter was to demonstrate both that they could take tremendous punishment, and that they were not invulnerable). He also worked on the Corps of Engineers' Mississippi valley project, which had been inspired by Henry Miller Shreve's method for clearing snags known as sawyers from wide Southern rivers, and for whom Shreveport is named. He conducted the difficult operation of smashing the rock bottom and dredging the channel of the river at Rock Island, between Illinois and Iowa. This he accomplished with man-, horse- and steam-power, building cofferdams of wood on the river bottom, and blasting with black powder. As a result of the several severe earthquakes in the New Madrid (Missouri) fault in 1811 and 1812, the Mississippi river was moving east near its juncture with the Ohio River. It was estimated that St. Louis would be fifteen miles inland by 1950, and the citizens of that city unsuccessfully petitioned Congress to pay for a project to halt the drift. Rebuffed, they raised $10,000, and the Corps agreed to allow Lee, still only a First Lieutenant after more than ten years of Federal Service, to undertake the project. Lee built two huge wing coffer dams, diagonal lines of pilings driven into the river bottom on the Illinois side, with the trunks of the "big butts," the giant trees in the river bottom land of Illinois. The river back-filled the coffer dams, one a mile in length, and the other more than a mile in length, and succeeded in convincing The Father of Waters to revisit the Missouri shore--by that time, as much as 100 feet of mud separated the old docks at St. Louis from the river at low water times. Both the Rock Island project and the St. Louis project are the more amazing, given the feeble steam-powered pile drivers available, the lack of any explosive more powerful than black powder, and the relative wilderness condition of those regions of Illinois, Iowa and Missouri in the 1830's. Should the New Madrid fault give the midwest another good shake, the odds are good that the residents of East St. Louis and Belleville, Illinois can kiss their collective ass goodbye, they will find their houses "built on sand" indeed!

With the outbreak of the war with Mexico, Lee did not immediately have prospects for combat. Zachary Taylor lead a small, very professional force into Mexico, including a few familiar names, such as Lieutenant Ulysses David Grant, and Lieutenant Thomas (later, Stonewall) Jackson. With the exhaustion of that campaign on both sides, and a good deal of political bickering, including a vigorous effort by James Polk's administration to assure that Winfield Scott would get none of the glory, and have no prospects to run for President, another expedition was finally mounted, and Scott could not be denied. Ironically, Polk's efforst so far succeeded, that Scott had no chance in the ensuing election, and instead, Zachary Taylor became President.

Lee joined the column of General Wool, building bridges and roads for the march to Mexico. He then joined Scott's army for the landing at Vera Cruz. There, with his brother Smith Lee, an officer of the United States Navy, he supervised the placement of the seige guns which quickly convinced the garrison to sue for terms. Scott knew he had to get his army out of the unhealthy miasmas around Vera Cruz, and head for higher ground, and so began his march on the city of Mexico. Lee was breveted to Captain (a brevet rank, from the French word for brief, was a rank given an officer which did not effectively promote them, but which they would hold in time of war--it was the 19th century equivalent of passing out medals), and made the chief of Scott's staff engineers. An engineer in the field has the task of scouting the terrain, and finding the paths and roads for the approach march when the commander had determined to do violence on the enemy. Lee distinguished himself at Cerro Gordo, finding paths which would allow Americans to get into the hills above the National Road, and take the Mexican artillery batteries. Freeman has him hidden behind a log near a spring for most of the day before the battle, while Mexican soldiers came to the spring to fill their canteens. He seems to have felt his lack of Spanish, and introduced it to the curriculum at West Point when he was superintendant in 1852. A noted companion on Scott's staff was George McClellan, who also won three brevets for galant conduct. Lee later distinguised himself for finding a path, on a moonless night of heavy rains, through the nightmarish terrain of the pedegral, an ancient lava flow south of the city of Mexico. He spent two days in the saddle or on foot, and lead numerous units through the approach march--which effectively outflanked the Mexican General Valencia, who had moved against Santa Anna's orders to outflank the Americans. He collapsed from exhaustion thereafter, and missed out on the Battles of Contreras, Churobusco and Chapultepec which resulted in the capture of the city, and during which both Jackson and Grant distinguished themselves. By the end of the war, Lee had received four brevets, to the rank of Colonel, and came out of the war with the permanent rank of Captain.
 
 
So, then, yer name is Lettybettyhettygettymarycustislee?
 
 
A sincere thanks Setanta for starting this thread.
My interest in this subject started when I was 8 years old in a cinema house in Buenos Aires watching a dubbed version of Gone With The Wind. I remember being horrified at the thought of brothers and friends fighting each other...it was inconcieveable... and still is.
 
 
Hmmmm. guess I was named after lighthorse Harry. Thought Lee's wife was Elizabeth. Have to contact big sis, I guess.

Just found out that Robert was married twice. Such a disgrace.

Panz, everyone thanks Set for something. That means his responses are so long that in lieu of reading we say, "Thank you, Set."  

Goodnight from Letty of Virginia via Florida.
 
 
Goodnight from Panzade of Virginia via Florida.
 
 
Ft. Sumter

With the election of Lincoln certified, the initially slow, but rapidly accelerating secession avalanche began. On December 20, 1860, the convention in South Carolina approved a measure dissolving the connection between that state and the Union. James Petigru, a Unionist and therefore an undoubtedly lonely man in South Carolina, commented that his state was too small to survive as a nation, and too large to serve as an insane asylum. On December 21, The Charleston Mercury published  a description of Fort Sumter . On the 22nd, South Carolina sent commissioners to the Federal government to negotiate the surrender of Federal property in the state--a very unlikely event even in Buchanan's lame duck term. James Chestnut, who had lead the South Carolina delegation from the Congress in November, 1860, was a member of the secession convention, and later, of the Provisional government of the newly seceded states. He became a military aide to Jefferson Davis, and his wife,  Mary Chestnut  became a companion to Varina Davis, who was unpleasant and disliked in Richmond. Mrs. Chestnut kept a very detailed diary, which was not published until 1905 (to my knowledge), almost twenty years after her death. It is an important source document, and a very revealing view of civilian life in the Confederate capital, and in the Carolina backcountry during the war. I believe it is correct to say that this document has never been out of print, and should be easy for anyone to find.

On December 26,  Major Robert Anderson  decided to abaondon Fort Moultrie, which was indefensible against attack from the mainland, and he removed to Fort Sumter with fewer than one hundred officers and men, and about an equal number of women, children, and civilian laborers. Anderson had been given the command in November, and although a pro-slavery Southerner from Kentucky, he was absolutely loyal to his oath to the Union, and like George Thomas, remained in Federal service.

On January 9, 1861, Mississippi seceded from the Union, and a vessel attempted to relieve Anderson at Fort Sumter. Buchanan's administration had contracted for the use of Star of the West, a side-wheeler, deep water steamer which usually ran a route from New York to New Orleans. It had cleared the harbor, ostensibly for New Orleans, but troops and provisions were put on board, and the troops told to hide below decks. Star of the West entered Charleston harbor, and was fired upon by shore batteries, and forced to retire. The entire mission was a fiasco, with the secret mission being no secret. Senator Wigfall of Texas tipped Buchanan's hand, and news to Major Anderson was sent by the regular mails, which were, naturally, opened and read before being forwarded to him.

Upon the stage now enters one of the most colorful, and militarily incompetent (he runs a close race with Braxton Bragg) officers to achieve high rank in the Confederacy.  Pierre Gustave Toutant , after entering West Point, had begun signing his name: "Pierre Gustave Toutant de Beauregard," Beauregard being the name of his family's plantation manor house. The adolescent affectation stuck, though, and he has been known as Beauregard ever since. On March 1, 1861, he was appointed by the Provisional government to command Confederate forces in the Harbor, and he took up his post on March 3--the day before Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated as President.

In the first week of April, Lincoln determined to relieve Forts Sumter and Pickens (see Pensacola, below). A relief squadron was dispatched, with the flag in Powhatan, and was immediately struck by an Atlantic gale after putting to sea. Unknown to Lincoln, the commander on Powhatan decided to head to Pensacola--i cannot say why, or if anyone has ever determined to a certainty why this officer decided to ignore Fort Sumter and steam to Pensacola. On April 8, the commissioners in Washington were told in no uncertain terms by William Seward, the Secretary of State, that the Federal government would not negotiate with, nor recognize the Provisional Government at Montgomery, Alabama, and would surrender no Federal property. On that same day, Lincoln's messengers to Governor Pickens, Mr. Chew and Captain Talbot, delivered their message--Pickens showed it to Beauregard, who the refused Captain Talbot permission to rejoin Anderson at Fort Sumter. His remark was that no communications would be allowed other than a request by Anderson to evacuate the Fort. On April 9, the ships of the Sumter relief expedition, minus the commander in Powhatan, finally re-assembled off Sandy Hook after the storm, and began steaming to Charleston. On that day, Beauregard stopped Major Anderson's mail. On April 10, Jefferson Davis (now provisional President of the Confederacy), having been informed of the relief expedition by the simple act of reading the newspapers, ordered Beauregard to demand the evacuation of Fort Sumter, and if met by a refusal, "to reduce it." On the 11th, Beauregard sent aides to request that Anderson evacuate the Fort. Anderson replied that neither his sense of duty nor of honor would allow that. He then remarked, ostensibly "off the record," that they would be starved out in a few days. This was communicated to Montgomery, and Davis instructed Beauregard to ascertain when Anderson might evactuate the Fort, and if he recieved no satisfactory reply, he was once again ordered "to reduce" the Fort. Shortly after midnight on the morning of Friday, April 12, 1861, a final attempt was made at negotiation. Failing, at 4:30 a.m., a single mortar was fired. A firebrand pro-slavery secessionist from Virginia, Edmund Ruffin, claimed to have fired that shot, and therefore, the first shot of the Civil War. Shortly thereafter, all of the batteries of the harbor opened on the Fort. After more than two hours, at about 7:00 a.m., Anderson gave the orders to his second in command,  Captain Abner Doubleday , to reply to the bombardment. At about this time, Captain Fox in Pawnee attempted to enter Charleston harbor to resupply the Fort. He withdrew, and consulting with his fellow officers, they decided to await the arrival of Powhatan, but to proceed to the relief of the Fort if Powhatan did not arrive by the next day. The following day, although Powhatan and Pocahontas had not arrived, Captain Fox attempted to enter the harbor. There was a heavy swell, however, and a dense on-shore fog drifting to sea, and Fox's vessels grounded. At about 10:00 a.m., the flagstaff at Fort Sumter fell--although it was raised again, Beauregard had sent messages to know if Anderson had "struck" (that is, intentionally lowered his flag). This lead to negotiations for the evacuation of the Fort, which, while still defensible, was slowly crumbling into piles of brick fragments and brick dust. The comander of Pocahontas was now the senior naval officer present with the arrival of that ship at about 2:00 p.m., and he entered into the negotiations, eventually agreeing to help evactuate the men, women and children in the Fort.

The civil war had begun in earnest.
 
 
Setanta, do you do all that from memory? I swear, I am amazed. Was looking for a General Pettus in there somewhere.
 
 
I use my memory for a guide, Miss LettybettyMaryCustisLee... then i go on-line to confirm dates and such, which also gives me the opportunity to find the links which i insert in the the text.
 
 
WooHoo, class is in session
 
 
Okay, Set. I did find that Elizabeth was Robert's first wife's name..Right? Something about her fear of being buried alive because she had narcolepsy. Shades of Edgar A.Poe.

(betcha don't know what Ohio's state song is. I was dumbfounded)
 
 
Hail To Tha Buckeye?
 
 
I'll take that bet, Letty. I'll bet Set does know.
 
 
Don't you dare look it up, Set.

Panz, It's called the buckeye state, but according to a limey newsman I just heard, that ain't it.

M.A. We'll just have to wait and see with a buck eye.
 
 
I was fishin Let, or rather trollin.
 
 
Pensacola

More important militarily than Fort Sumter was the excellent harbor at Pensacola, with it's extensive navy yards. This harbor and the navy yard were the most impartant facilities on the extensive southern coasts other than those at Norfolk, with its Gosport Shipyard. When Federal troops abandoned Norfolk in April 1861, and burned the shipyards at Gosport, the Confederates nevertheless got their hands on very valuable materials, including literally thousands of gun tubes for cannon, many of the large calibre necessary for coastal fortifications.

At about five miles from the city of Pensacola was the main entrance to the harbor. Fort Pickens had been built in the 1830's, and was a brick fort like Sumter, but far more massive, using more than two million bricks. It was abandoned, however, and in disrepair. There were many large calibre guns at Fort McRee, but that post had only a sergeant's guard mounted each night, and was otherwise unoccupied. Little Fort Barancas was occupied by an artillery company with some cooks and clerks and "muleskinners" under the command of Lieutenant Adam Slemmer. Although Fort Barancas was immediately adjacent to the Navy Shipyard, Slemmer decided that it was not defensible, but that Fort Pickens, despite the decay, was much more defensible on its island at the harbor entrance. Therefore, in January, 1861, Slemmer decided to act--an attack had been made on his position on the mainland (which would actually qualify as the first shots of the war), and although this had been repulsed, he had little doubt that a determined commander with even a modest force could overwhelm him. Late on the night of January 9, he spiked the guns at Fort Barancas (driving a spike into the touch hole of a cannon renders it completely useless), moved quickly to Fort McRee in the early morning hours of January 10, where he destroyed more than 10 tons of high-grade military black powder, and then evacuated his forces from the mainland, and occupied Fort Pickens. On that same day, Florida seceded from the Union. Slemmer's timing was impecable, as the local authorities had been lulled by his ealier, seeming inaction, into believing that dealing with this handful of troops would not be difficult.

After secession, troops from Florida and Alabama had occupied the fortifications on the mainland, but these had been made useless by Slemmer before he evacuated to Fort Pickens. On January 21, Buchanan sent the powerful ship Brooklyn with stores and reinforcements to Pensacola. On the 26th, however, Buchanan, anxious not to arouse resistance, sent orders for Brooklyn to land the stores, but not the troops--he had been assured through the agency of Senator Louis Wigfall of Texas that Slemmer's tiny command were safe so long as they acted on the defensive and were not reinforced. Buchanan sent orders to that effect to Lieutenant Slemmer.

On March 11, the newly minted  Brigadier Braxton Bragg  arrived to take command of Confederate forces at Pensacola. The next day, Lincoln set positive orders to Captain Vodges, commanding the troops aboard ship at Pensacola, to land and reinforce the position, and not to abandon the post on any terms. Crusader left New York on March 15 with these orders. Gustavus Vasa Fox, mentioned above, had proposed the relief expeditions to Lincoln, and he was now given the go-ahead to organize these expeditions. A graduate of the Naval Academy, Fox was a rather mercurial individual, and his career in the Navy was not brilliant. As i have also mentioned above, when his relief expeditions were finally authorized, he basically disappeared. Powhatan was the ship to have headed the Sumter relief expedition, and when the expeditions were hit by an Atlantic gale after passing the bar at Sandy Hook, Fox in Baltic pressed on into the teeth of the storm with Powhatan --this was on April 9, 1861. The other ships were scattered, and re-assembled at Sandy Hook two days later. On April 7, Atlantic, commanded by Captain Brown, and the flagship of the Pensacola expedition, had left New York. Lieutenant Worden (USN) had been sent overland as a messenger by Lincoln, and on April 12, he informed Bragg of his presence. Worden was allowed to board Sabine, among the flotilla keeping station off Fort Pickens, and Worden gave Vodges definite instructions to execute his orders. Vodges landed with his troops and a contingent of Marines from the flotilla. When Fox finally arrived in Baltic, with Powhatan (the absence of the latter had assured that the dubious prospect of the relief of Fort Sumter had no chance), the matter was already settled. Fort Pickens was held throughout the war, and Pensacola was basically militarily abandonded by Florida and the Confederate states. Lieutenant Slemmer remains unknown to American history, but his resolve and his active decision saved for the Union one of the most important naval stations on the southern coastline. Fox eventually became Assistant Secretary of the Navy, a post created for him by Gideon Welles, and anonymously rendered great and crucial service to the Federal cause. Worden went on to command Monitor in the engagement with Virginia in the famous 1862 battle of the iron-clads. He served later in the war as superintendant of the construction of "monitors" as the new class of ship became known. Of Adam Slemmer, i sadly do not know much--he joined Rosecrans' Army of the Cumberland, serving under George Thomas, and was severely wounded at the battle of Stones River, having then attained the rank of Major.
 
 
I don't have a clue if Ohio has a state song, let alone what it might be. I ain't from around here, ya know...
 
 
Who cares? as long as you keep pumpin out the stories.
 
 
Panz, you turncoat.

Hang on Sloopy--dats it.

You owe me Andy, and I don't want it in Latvian fiat money, either.

Sorry, Set. Please continue.
 
 
I've almost got the exam papers ready, Mr. Setanta.
 
 
You forgot your apple today ehbeth.
 
 
By the way I bet I know WHY Hang On Sloopy is the state song!
 
 
I ain't takin' no stinkin' exams, even from the beautifullest girl...
 
 
Something tells me that ain't gonna be on ehBeth's exam, panz.
 
 
Mr. Setanta, I was planning to distribute the exam booklets to the students! Not the instructor  
 
 
Beth, I think he just wanted to call you beautiful, and used that as an excuse. (like he needs one)
 
 
Letty! Should we quietly slip away?  
 
 
Nah, Panz. Let's just quietly watch.  
 
 
Peepin Letty, I now anoint you.
 
 
OK, Letty, you win, I lost. So what's the song?
 
 
Well, Panz. If we leave, Set will be lecturing to an empty classroom, and we both know that he is a Bush fan....No child left behind, and all that.
 
 
She's claimin' it's Hang on Sloopy, according to some Brit scribbler... i oughta go look it up...
 
 
Tell ya why Set
Rick Derringer the writer of Hang On Sloopy is from Akron and so were the McCoys I believe. It's a nice gesture to a cool R&R band.
 
 
 http://members.aol.com/sloopyo/song.html 
 
 
You be wrong, wrong, wrong, Miss Lettybettymarycustislee...

 Beautiful Ohio  [/b]

The source is the Ohio Public Library Information Network...

Edit: "Beautiful Ohio" became the state song in 1989. The music was composed by Mary Earl, and the original lyrics were written by Ballard MacDonald. In 1989, the Ohio legislature adopted an amendment to section 5.09 of the Ohio Revised Code that changed the words of the state song. The new lyrics are the work of Youngstown attorney Wilbert McBride. Ohio Revised Code describing the state song: (1989 S 33, eff. 11-6-89; 1989 H 457)
 
 
Rats! I so wanted Ohio to have a cool state song.
 
 
Nope, Set. That limey be wrong. anyway:

Hang on Sloopy, Sloopy hang on
Hang on Sloopy, Sloopy hang on

Sloopy lives in a very bad part of town
And everybody yeah, tries to put my Sloopy down
Well, Sloopy I don't care what your daddy do
Cause' you know Sloopy girl I'm in love with you

And so I say now

(Chorus)

Hang on Sloopy, Sloopy hang on
Hang on Sloopy, Sloopy hang on

Sloopy let your hair down girl, let it hang down on me
Sloopy let your hair down girl,let it hang down on me

Come on Sloopy, Come on Sloopy
Come on, come on
Come on Sloopy, Come on Sloopy
Come on, Come on

Well it feels so good
Come on, Come on
You know it feels so good
Come on, Come on

Well, Shake it, Shake it, Shake it Sloopy

Come on, Come on

Well, Shake it, Shake it, Shake it Yeah

Come on, Come on

(Chorus)

Hang on Sloopy, Sloopy hang on
Hang on Sloopy, Sloopy hang on

For ehbeth and setanta.
 
 
If I'm not mistaken, Carry Me Back to Old Virginia is STILL that state song. MY WORD!
 
 
Wouldn't that be Official Dominion Song, Miss LBMCL?
 
 
Shake it, Sloopy!

errrrrrrrrrrrr, what's the next chapter on, Mr. Setanta?
 
 
Big Bethel... ironically enough...
 
 
 
 
 
I kid you not... more this evening...
 
 
Pssst, I know I'm just a freshman, but a little bit on Grant before the war? He was Lee's nemesis and a mysterious man...rather like Farmerman.
 
 
Gorsh, that's right, Boston Blackie. Hee hee. Hand in glove with the Federal gov.
 
 
You gotta wait for it to come around on the guitar here, Boss...
 
 
56K....I'm splitting that with Andy.  
 
 
Yeh, I may have lost the bet, but you didn't win either, Letty. Sloopy, it says on yer own link, was officially adopted as Ohio's rock and roll song (emphasis mine). Beautiful Ohio is still the official regular song, not one on the rocks.
 
 
OHH OH....arbitrators please step forward.
 
 
Ohio on the rocks. Is that anything like a broken down golf cart, bartender?

<I've never been really good at waiting for the teacher to show up>
 
 
Yep, Andy. The state rock and roll song. Good grief. Why couldn't it have been something fetching like Florida's state song.(whatever that is)

No prob, Panz. Andy and I get along just fine. We'll make do with New York's apple and Florida's orange.

ehBeth. Does Toronto have a song at all? Provinces, right? How about the Maple Leaf Rag?

I just saw a beautiful picture of Toronto in the Realm, complete with DanE's picture.
 
 
  Florida's state song is "Way down upon the Swanee River?"

 http://www.50states.com/songs/florida.htm 

And it's really pronounced Suwanee I think.

Good grief. No wonder the alternate title is "Old Folks at Home"
 
 
Yes Letty we're proud our state song was penned by Stephen Foster
 
 
Yep, good ole Steve Foster who never traveled south of New Jersey. Gotta love a guy like that.
 
 
Sure you do, in the best Tin Pan Alley tradition.
 
 
Opening Dances & Big Bethel

As the fever to secede swept across the South, people on both sides of the issue looked to securing facilities and materials of the War. Arsenals were owned by state militias, and many Federal arsenals were spread across the south. A significant event occurred when  Captain Nathaniel Lyon  arrived with a detachment from the Second United States Infantry to defend the arsenal in St. Louis. Lyon and Congressman Francis Blair both worked to prevent the secession of Missouri, and succeeded. Secessionists at Camp Jackson were scattered by Lyon and Blair, and the invaluable arsenal was secured. (In checking my facts, i have come across a very recent and fascinating review of the St. Louis Aresenal incident, with a wealth of information on the literally hundreds of thousands of small arms scattered across the country at the outbreak of the war--  Solving the Mystery of the Arsenal Guns  ). Feelings ran high all over the border region, of which Virginia was then considered a part. When Virginia had seceded from the Union in May, 1861, the First Michigan Regiment of United States Volunteers crossed the Long Bridge to Virginia (in what is today, Arlington, named for the estate of Lee's father-in-law), and the Eleventh New York Regiment of United States Volunteers ("The Zouaves"--named for the colorfully dressed colonial troops from North Africa in the French Army, they were dressed in exotic costumes with red forage caps, short jackets over white shirts with flowing sleeves, and bright blue baggy pants that you might think of as "harem pants;" they were recruited from among the fireman of New York, and were commonly called the "Fire Zouaves") landed from the river at Alexandia. The roughtly seven hundred Virginia militia in the town managed to escape from one side of town as the Michiganders entered the other, and Daniel Ellsworth's Zouaves spread out through the town. The New Yorkers secured the telegraph and railway stations, and then Ellsworth saw a large confederate flag flying from a hotel, the Marshall House. Ellsworth entered the building, and, climbing to the top, removed the flag. As he was coming down the stairs, the owner, James Jackson, met him with a shotgun, and killed him at point-blank range. Ellsworth's men shot and bayoneted Jackson. Both men became "heroes" to their respective causes, and  as this article correctly states , the incident boosted recruiting on both sides.

If others would bother to contribute, we could get more detailed accounts of how these troubles spread across the South and the border regions. I will, in my next post, deal mainly with Virginia, and with the affair at Big Bethel, in June, 1861.

(Edit: Several years back, the Harper's Magazine [continuously published since 1850] re-issued The Harper's History of the Late War of Rebellion [1866?], in which a long opening section is entitled: "Revolution at the North," and which details the response across the North to Lincoln's call for volunteers.)
 
 
There wouldn't be an Ellsworth, ME or an Ellsworth, KS today if it weren't for poor Dan Ellsworth, the first casualty, who became an iconic figure to Northerners. Streets and towns were named for him. The Fire Zouaves, incidentally, did some actual fire fighting in Washington, DC, when the local volunteer force turned out to be too inept to put out a conflagration soon after the Zouaves had arrived. They were mostly a rough bunch of hard-drinking Irish immigrants. (My source is Margaret Leech's Reveille in Washington.)
 
 
I'm working I'm working boss. You set the bar up pretty high.
 
 
Thanks, MA, that's the sort of thing i'm looking for... I rather doubt that Daniel Ellsworth was the first casaulty, any more than that Edmund Ruffin fired the first shot--but people believed it was true, which is what matters.
 
 
In a special message to Congress on July 4, 1861, Abraham Lincoln told the assembled members that: "The course taken in Virginia was the most remarkable--perhaps the most important." Historically, Virginia had been a leader in this nation. At the time of the Revolution, hers was the largest population. She provided many troops for the war, many officers, and suffered as much as or more than any of the others in the course of the war. She had provided many of the nation's chief executives up to that time, and many of her soldiers and sailors. Virginia was lodged between the North and the South geographically, and economically as well. Although the other states of the Southern Confederacy had plunged into secession after South Carolina, the issue was long and bitterly debated in the Old Dominion. The counties of the western part of the Commonwealth would eventually be split off and formed into the State of West Virigina (technically, a violation of the constitution). The decision to join the Confederacy was made with the certain knowledge that she would become a battleground. In fact, Virginia did not take the step until after hostilities had commenced in Charleston harbor and at Pensacola. The Secession Convention finally produced a resolution on April 17, 1861. It was finally ratified May 23rd, by a vote of more than 130,000 as against about 37,000 votes. The latter may represent the Kanahwa Valley and the counties of western Viriginia.

In Virginia were the Norfolk Naval station, the Gosport Naval Shipyard and the United States Arsenal at Harper's Ferry--the latter being one of the most modern and best equipped in the country. The loss of this border state was a severe blow both psychologically and militarily to the nation, and a boost to the new nation of the Southern Confederacy. The capital of that new nation was quickly moved to Richmond. On June 20, 1861, the counties of western Virginia seceded from the Old Dominion, and were welcomed back into the Union as the State of West Virginia. By that date, events were moving with an irresistible momentum of their own. The day after the ratification of secession was announced, May 24, 1861, Federal troops occupied the strip of land across the Potomac from Washington, and Alexandria, as i have described above. On June 1, Federal cavalry clashed with troopers from the Old Dominion at Fairfax Courthouse, and the first Confederate officer was killed. On June 3, at Phillipi, Federal troops, including the First (West) Virginia Regiment of United States Volunteers, led by Colonel Benjamin Kelley, attacked Colonel Porterfields command of about 1,000 men. It is hard to say if Porterfield had that many troops, the officers being as raw as the troops had sent in no returns. Porterfield had sent out a few, and too few pickets, who seem to have promptly found comfortable places to sleep. When the Federal Commander, Brigadier General Morris had opened fire on the town with his artillery, Kelley was as surprised as was Porterfield. This was a very minor action with four Federal troops wounded, and 26 Confederates killed an wounded. The newspapers, of course, blew it out of all proportion, especially in the North, still smarting from the Fort Sumter debacle and either unaware of or ignorant of the success at Pensacola, which was of far more military importance than the Charleston affair. An inflated sense of success lead Northerners to dub the battle "the Phillipi Races"--owing to the speed with which the Sotherners complied with Col. Porterfield's order to withdraw. Morris was unable to pursue and round them up due to a lack of cavalry. The bridge at Phillipi was important, and Morris spent the rest of his career in this war attempting to defend the nearby Baltimore and Ohio railroad. Kelley did not further distinguish himself in this war, but he was crucial to recruiting in West Virginia, and to keeping those counties loyal during the War. Porterfield demanded, and eventually got, a court of inquiry, which cited him for coolness and gallantry under fire, and then immediately condemned him for incompetence for not having properly picketted (put out guards) his position. This is still accounted the first land battle of the war--armed sucker punch would be a more appropriate title.

This "battle" perhaps lead to overconfidence on the part of Federal Troops. As a result of Fort Sumter, and the abandonment of Norfolk and Gosport, with an unsuccessful attempt to destroy Federal property by the retreating Federals, the United States Navy had blockaded the Chesapeake, and landed troops to recover the Penninsula. The finger of land between the York and the James Rivers is known as the Virginia Penninsula, running from Williamsburg to Hampton Roads, opposite Norfolk. The hasty attempt to fire the store houses at the Norfolk and Gosport yards was bungled, and the Confederates had reaped a bonanza in shot and gun tubes, which were to play a large role in the defense of Southern waterways, and especially of the James River near Richmond. The U. S. Navy landed Federal troops at Hampton Roads and Norfolk, under the command of  Major General Benjamin Butler  --arguably the most hated Federal commander in the eyes of Southerners during the war. During his occupation of New Orleans, he was given the name "Beast Butler," and was alleged to have issued an order that all women in the city showing disrespect to Federal troops were to be taken up as prostitutes. Butler sent Brigadier General Ebeneezer Pierce up the Penninsula with a small brigade--about 3,000 men, and orders to secure Williamsburg. Today, in the city of Newport News Virginia, a tidal creek known locally as the Warwick River forms a city park. In 1861, there was a local crossroads store nearby, known as Little Bethel. Just beyond that was a meeting house, known as Bethel Church, or Big Bethel. Waiting there for Pierce were two Confederate officers destined to make names for themselves, and to ruin their own careers fairly quickly in the war. One was  Colonel John B. Magruder , known in the "old Army" as "Prince John" Magruder for his love of amateur theatrics. The other was  Colonel Daniel Harvey Hill , who was much the better soldier, but seemed never to get along with other officers, including his brother-in-law, Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson (they had married a pair of sisters). Both Magruder and Hill were soldiers of long experience, and their troops were well-drilled, and kept well in hand, unlike the casual mob which Porterfield had assembled at Phillipi. Magruder was to prove himself quite adept at field fortification, and little inclined to attack in the open field. Between them, they disposed of about 1,200 troops--during this war new Federal regiments numbered about 800 men, and Confederate regiments about 600. Well posted and dug-in behind the brackish swamps of the Warwick River, the two Southern commanders had carefully posted picketts with specific instructions, and as these fell back and came into the lines to report the advance of the Federals, Magruder and Hill knew they had chosen just the spot--the Federals were marching right up the Williamsburg road, with no cavalry vedettes out to scout or find alternate routes. When they came into sight, within 150 yards of the Confederate works, the Southerners let them have it. Pierece had mistaken the outposts for the real opposition, and was quite pleased to have united his converging columns from Hampton Roads and Newport news just at Little Bethel, which he assumed was the concentration point of his opposition. The outposts fell back in good order to the Warwick (then know as Brick Kiln Creek), and Pierce pursued, and then attacked frontally across the road. The Fifth New York Regiment (Zouaves) of United States Volunteers crossed downstream to attempt to turn the flank, but Hill had been paying attention, and when his picketts reported their approach, his regiment gave out a volley which killed the Zouave commander, Col. Wynthrop, and the Federals retreated in confusion. Pierce's entire force was infected with the panic of the Zouaves, and he had no choice but to retreat to Hampton Roads and Newport News.

This "battle" was a real battle in the sense that professional officers commanded on both sides. The striking differences with Phillipi resulted in a reversal of the casualty roster, still very low, with fewer than ten Southern casualties, and about 80 Federal casualties. The event was important, however, beyond the scale of the action, as it checked the confident advance of Federal troops up the Penninsula toward Richmond, and it restored Southern confidence in the professionalism of their officers and men. When combined with Patterson's bumbling advance in the Valley of Virginia, and the battle of First Manassas, it also lead to an unwarranted optimism in the South, but that is for a new thread.

Edit: Big dumby me... the battle of Big Bethel took place on June 10, 1861, one week after the embarrassing affair at Phillipi.
 
 
Just curious, Set, in what way was W. Va. splitting off from Virginia proper "technically against the Constitution"? Maine had been split off from Massachusetts back in 1820 as part of the original Missouri Compromise. Again, you're probably right, but I am cutious.
 
 
MA, the first paragraph of Article IV, section 3 reads:

New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or Parts of States, without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.

In the case of Massachusetts, the territory which became Maine (the name refers to a province in France, which is spelled in exactly that manner) had been a "province" of Massachusetts, awarded to that Commonwealth's admnistration after the War of the Spanish Succession, known in this country as Queen Anne's War. In that case, i believe that proponents alleged that what became Maine had not been a part of the original territory of the Massachusetts Bay Company, and reference made to the cession of Massachusetts' putative rights to all territory from the Atlantic to the Pacific Oceans (which would have mightily pissed off New York) at the time of the foundation of the United States. That further met the test of the paragraph above in that the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts consented to the foundation of the State of Maine.

The western counties of Virginia seceded from that Commonwealth on June 20, 1861, after the ratification of the secession ordinance on May 23. Technically, a state had been "erected within the Jurisdiction of [an]other State" without the consent of the legislature thereof.
 
 
Interesting point. I had never considered that fine legal aspect of the Va/W Va split before. Thnx.
 
 
