 
 
Red Sox
 
 
What the hell is wrong with the red sox?
 
 
 

they apparently decided that this was going to be a rebuilding year, so they're slowly phasing out the veterans in favor of young home-grown talent.

at the same time, they're trying to stay competitive... which explains why they made no major trades by the deadline last month, and have only added a player here and there as needed.

bottomline: they haven't been much fun to watch since the all-star break, and would have to start playing a hell of a lot better to make the playoffs as a wildcard.

i think we can forget about first place -- again...
 
 
Heeheehee...
 
 
 
Heeheehee...
 

Go pound sand, Kicky.
 
 
 
Heeheehee...
 

this just in:
angels 12
yanks 7

 
 
 
Maybe I should rephrase - what the hell happened to the Angels?
 
 
Re: Red Sox

 
What the hell is wrong with the red sox?
 

Hmmmmmmm! They may overcome the Yanks in the end.
 
 
 
 
Heeheehee...
 

this just in:
angels 12
yanks 7

 
 

Ah! But the night is young, my dear. Sox have yet to play this evening.
 
 
Re: Red Sox

 
What the hell is wrong with the red sox?
 
Nothing at all...In fact it quite nice watching them go down in that 5-game sweeping by my beloved Yankees.

(at least now I can admit to being a Yankee fan without fear of retaliation from the neighbors)
 
 
Since we're all bashing each other's teams, I'll take this opportunity to say I too hate the Yankees with all of my heart! I don't even hate Steinbrenner, just the overpaid milquetoast Yankees.

And cheer up, Sox fans. I root for the Brewers. Now that's tough. I mean, I know it sucks you can't always count on the Red Sox, but it's better than being able to count on your team getting shelled in the first four innings, two out of every five games, when no-talent hacks named Doug Davis and Dave Bush (yeah, I'd never heard of them until this year either) take the mound. So many times, hiding in a tree, I've had their brainstems in my sights, and one of these days I'm gonig to pull the trigger.

What can I say? I'm a passionate fellow. At least I'm not a Cubs fan.
 
 
The day is young.  
 
 
terry francona has been on blood-thinners for the past 4 years.

not only has he been unable to stop the bleeding that is the red sawx pathetic august, he also couldn't stop himself from bleeding from the mouth sunday night after accidentally biting his cheek...
 
 
Ortiz now has trouble with his heart. I thought he had trouble rounding the bases lately, following a home run hit.
 
 
"Big Poppy" is now at the MGH. Good luck, "Big Poppy"!
 
 
I see the Loser Sox (eastern division, not to be confused with the Loser Sox of Chicago) have now lost 6 in a row! Keep up the good work!
 
 
I never cheer for the Yankees, unless they're playing the Tigers this year.

Are the Red Sox still in the wild card race, or are they effectively out of the playoffs for this year?
 
 
despite what the nay-sayers are saying up heeyuh, the sawx are still in it.

i mean c'mon!
varitek & nixon are just about ready to return.
tomorrow rosters get expanded to 40.

there's a month to go.
A LOT can happen in a month...
 
 
Maybe they just suck this year.
 
 
Regis, you are the man!
The Fat Lady has not yet begun to sing.
 
 
got tickets to sunday's game.

weather permitting, i expect to see a dominating pitching performance from young joshua...
 
 
Sure, a lot can happen. Like they could sink to a sub-500 team.
 
 
according to  si.com , wells has been scratched from tonight's start.

looks like he's headed back to the west coast...
 
 
That was just confirmed on the radio.

3-3 right now.  
 
 
The Wells trade is seen as the Sox tossing in the towel for 2006.
 
 
maybe so, but they played like a team last night for the first time in a long time.

pedroia and kapler made sparkling game-saving defensive plays.

a little luck didn't hurt either -- toronto's right fielder juggled a would-be out into a 2 run homer that turned out to be the margin of victory...
 
 
Actually this season is making me remember those long ago days before we, I mean, the Red Sox finally won a World Series. In the seventies and eighties I was living out west and I had to subsist on the merest mentions of the Boston in the local (Tulsa) media. Every year my dad, back in the hills of Connecticut, and I would talk on the phone around the All-Star break about how things were looking good for a solid end to the year with the pennant a real chance.

Then would come August and September with the Sox only two games back of NY or, in more than several years it seems to me, actually leading the division by three, or even four, games. Pop would make the slightest, smallest, crowing sound, I would warn him not too, but he would.

Soon after that, as the year rushed past Labor Day and the first day of school and the trees up on Lookout Mountain just south of the paper mill would started to turn orange and vermilion, the Red Sox would disintegrate. There really isn't another word. They would collapse like that Italian marathoner in the 1950's Olympics, just fall down to their knees in a mad, addled confusion, first to second place, then third, four and half games out, six and half games out, and....

October would come, Pop would report that the whole backyard,raked clean on Saturday, was six inches deep with oak leaves after a Sunday morning windstorm, my sister's kids had come to visit and the baby, called Bootsie, was talking a blue streak and he hoped to get the stones he was polishing made into something nice for all the family's women for Christmas.

The Red Sox were never mentioned but they were always there, just under the surface, another year of disappointment, another season gone. Their demise was as regular a feature of the fall season as those changing trees up on the mountain, but Pop, like all good Red Sox fans, was never bitter, stoic was more like it. There was never any outward expression of discontent except I did see him slap the hell out of a radio after one particularly crushing near win/loss.

Pop died before the Red Sox won the Series. He lived his whole life watching them miss by a whisker, a missed grounder, a Bucky Dent homer, a pitcher left in too long throwing huge apples straight down the middle of the plate, but I look at this way, the Red Sox gave him two things: hope and the solid consistency of never having that hope realized.
That's something, that's as good as having some unresolved, unrequited love out there somewhere, it's the kind of thing that drives people onto other things in order to take their mind off of the pain.

He used to furiously rake leaves, I am running around Central Park until I cannot see straight. There are acorns all over the roadway and the trees have just the hint of color in them.

Joe(they are six and half games out of the Wild Card)Nation
 
 
The Red Sox are finished and finished for a real long time.
 
 
"Finished"?
Was it "finished" when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?
Hell, no!
 
 
 
"Finished"?
Was it "finished" when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?
Hell, no!
 

For those Americans, who died such violent deaths, as occurred at Pearl Harbor, it was over.
 
 
 
The Red Sox are finished and finished for a real long time.
 

Right. They suck. Team sucks.

Nothing to do with the fact tonight they have FOUR of their regular starters in the lineup. Rest out with injuries.

But they must be finished for years to come.

Stupid.
 
 
Bye-Bye Theo, the jerko!
 
 
 
 
"Finished"?
Was it "finished" when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?
Hell, no!
 

For those Americans, who died such violent deaths, as occurred at Pearl Harbor, it was over.
 

That was just a reference to Bluto's rant in "Animal House".
Not trying to get too heavy here.
 
 
Fenway Park needs to be torn down.
 
 
Wow. Whenever I want to see what a bunch of people who know nothing about sports but comment on it anway gather, I'll click on this thread again.
 
 
And... John Lester has non-Hodgkins Lymphoma.
 
 
 
And... John Lester has non-Hodgkins Lymphoma.
 
Well, that certainly is good news. If he can maintain a decent game for another or season we (The Yankees) will need him to be in top physical form when we steal him from the Loser Sox.
 
 
i don't mind going out on a limb in cyberspace, so here's the deal people...

9/2/06
26 games left in the season.
8 games behind the yankees.
6 games behind minnesota/chicago for the wild card.
the sawx will overcome all adversity, and [b]win the wild-card.[/b]
 
 
We'll see.
 
 
Have fun at the game today, RP.
 
 
I think the game was canceled.
 
 
Nope.
 
 
Sox, Sox, Tigers, and Twins all lost yesterday.

Sox vs Sox tonight at Fenway. Something's gonna give.
 
 
 
Have fun at the game today, RP.
 

thanx.
we did -- despite the 68 minute rain delay, the off & on rain throughout, the wet clothes, the futility of our hitters against some pitcher named "sah-sheen", and the obnoxious white-trash bachelorette party 2 rows down.

funniest moment of the day:

as is often the case, a beachball was being smacked around our area.
someone got a little over zealous and volleyed it right into the toronto bullpen, where it disappeared for a few seconds.

then one of their relievers re-emerged with the ball and tossed it back into the crowd... but the rat bahstid put a hole in it  

so a guy sitting near us said: "what did you do to Wilson??!!"

lotta laughs.
the game itself became almost an afterthought...
 
 
The Red Sox are an after thought.

Go White Sox!
 
 
oh ye of little faith...
 
 
 
Sox vs Sox tonight at Fenway. Something's gonna give.
 

<cough>
 
 
Go,Go, Go WHite Sox!  
 
 
Ha! Ha!
 
 
Ortiz rules      
 
 
Ortiz rules      
 
 
Ortiz rules    
 
 
 
 
 
Hee hee dats funny. But, Boston Red Sox batter David Ortiz watches his base hit against the Toronto Blue Jays during the eighth inning of their American League baseball game in Toronto September 23, 2006. REUTERS/Mike Cassese (CANADA) Im   right now!
 
 
