 
 
What Country produces the most beautiful women?
 
 
Its not very poltically correct. But, hey its Christmas!!!!

My vote goes to Brazil. Any other opinions?
 
 
I swear that when I saw this thread I was like... "Pfffffff! That's Brazil, of course!"
Buuut, on a second thought... I don't want to sound all stuck-up, so I will go ahead and say...

My vote goes to Brazil too.

:wink:
 
 
I've never heard anyone say anything other than Brazil. It's one of those simplistic stereotypes.

No offense to the lovely Brazilian women, but it's a great myth.

Brazilians merely emphasize a "beleza Brasileira" more than do most other countries.
 
 
India ofcourse!!
 
 
Oh shush Craven! We're pretty... and we're proud of it!
 
 
Progress Scores

Brazil 3
India 1
 
 
Re: What Country produces the most beautiful women?
Italy.
 
 
Yep Italy is a good choice.

What about Sweden and the scandanvian countries? Are they the steroetype blue eyed blondes or is it just a myth?
 
 
I think Italy has the most handsome men... <daydreaming sigh>
 
 
I will keep that in mind if ever I become gay. hehe
 
 
I'll say Khazakhstan, just for fun.
 
 
I think you could be right, cav! I'll second that! :wink:
 
 
Racists!

Its obviously the country with the most women.

spendius.
 
 
Japan.
 
 
hmmm, I don't know how I'd vote.....
 
 
Sweden.

  [size=8] <--- that's me panting[/size]
 
 
Italy, baby! And I don't know about Brazil. Brazilian women are world-renowned for their incredibly amazing asses, but does that make them the most beautiful? Hmmm...
 
 
Goa.
 
 
<trying to find Goa on map>
 
 
I used to think California, but that's before I moved to the West Coast. I'm starting to think it may be Russia--there used to be those jokes about thick-waisted women named Olga in heavy boots and baboushkas, but I think it's time to revisit that stereotype...
 
 
You can't beat a beautiful English rose! :wink:
 
 
Indian subcontinent.

Lots of Irish and Portuguese blood mixed into the Indian.

Stunning women with cocoa skin, sleek black hair, perfect bodies, and bright green eyes.
 
 
 
<trying to find Goa on map>
 

West coast of India
 
 
ohhhhh, and the men of Goa

<thud>
 
 
 
 
<trying to find Goa on map>
 

West coast of India
 

Grazie!
 
 
malaysia
 
 
Hey Shewolf... you have a baby right??
 
 
women---China
men--africa
 
 
yes i do
?
 
 
women, by definition, are all beautiful.
 
 
Greece....while they're young....
 
 
 
women, by definition, are all beautiful.
 

 

Ssshh.... your sheep.. they may get jealous.
;-)
 
 
Tough question.

Often what you don't have around is what you like best.

My first random thoughts (my basis is nationalities I've seen dozens of women, so this leaves out India, Kazakhstan -I've seen a couple of them, incredibly beautiful: a mix of Russian and Asian- or, say, Tunisia):

The top would be:

Brazil (as cadeiras das garotas brasileiras... mmmm   )
Cuba (a similar, glorious, mix)
Czech Republic (I was amazed)

On the next, high, level, I'd put:

USA (they've got all kinds, all races of women, very beautiful until they start bossing you around   )
Southern Spain (the more moorish, the better)
Southern Italy (same as Spain; many Northern girls are washed-out blondes)
Argentina (even if many of them look alike: more variety would have been welcomed).

...

Some girl watching (or "male chauvinist", depending on your point of view) statistical confession:
The other day, I was walking through the streets of my city, and I decided to grade all the women of passable age I saw on the streets. The results were dismaying: 10% pretty/beautiful; 35% OK; 55% homely or plain ugly.
 
 
I have done the same thing fb.
Women watching.
And you are right, most of the women you see are not very attractive at all. plain, simple, some.. down right ugly.
Strange... if you look at TV and advertising.. it should be the other way around.  
 
 
 
yes i do
?
 

 http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=1070887#1070887 
 
 
 
 
yes i do
?
 

 http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=1070887#1070887 
 

My daughter is 9 mos.
Good timing. hehe

First off, the gift is about the baby, not the parent. All parents want whats best for thier kids.. but to shower them with toys,, that is the parents decision and not the responsibility of the gift giver. Frankly its your money.. you spend it how you see fit. And if the parent doesnt like your gift and decides to get rid of it, they are only taking away from thier child. Questionable behavior.. i would say.
Any-who. books. If you DO want to get toys, get blocks. Blocks build the mathmatical part of the brain. (long explaination but true) Books are always good. Soaps, lotions, decorations for the baby room.
At 9-10 months, they really dont have a concept of favorite colors, toys, games etc and all toys just end up in thier mouths with out any thought at all. Dont over think your gift. As the child wont either.
Simple, usefull gifts are the best. Shoes wrapped in loose paper, makes for a great gift. The child enjoys tearing the paper and the shoes keep them warm later.
Just remember, the child has no concept of christmas right now. It is all in the parents heads. you could wrap a piece of news paper in colored paper and it will be as entertaining as a new bright colored toy. It will last about 5 minutes.  
If you had a baby, at 10 months, what would you NEED for the child?
You can always take that stance when buying gifts. Buying things someone needs for a baby actually SAVES the parents money in the long run that allows them to spend on the baby. That 10 bucks for the pack of diapers? That just turned into another toy from the parents beacuse they didnt have to buy diapers... and so on..
I hope i helped?
 
 
I know what you mean about the homely women...but I love all women...and feel they should have a crack at me at least once whether beautiful or not....as previously mentioned I'm a Care Bear...and why shouldn't homely women get a chance for at least one short period of bliss in their lives?
 
 
I did some Googling and found out a couple of interesting things. Apparently, in the 'Miss World' competition, the greatest number of winners were from Venezuela. Now, in contrast, the greatest number of winners in the 'Miss Universe' pageant were from the USA. Makes ya think...not that this thread should get political. :wink:

The most beautiful woman to me is my wife, and I would challenge anyone to guess her nationality based on her looks.  
 
 
Yes, shewolf, thanks!! I agree with most (if not all) of what you said but if I say anything of this nature to her she'll be like "what do you know about having a child?" Poor thing, has a FT job and no nanny. No wonder she's stressed like no other.

I like the blocks idea. No explanation needed, thus it makes sense. Noddy also mentioned books, even named a few. Maybe a combination of both might just make a perfect statement.
 
 
Ohhhh.....and yes, you are the sweetest Care Bear of them all! But a very committed Care Bear too! Some of us could never do that to Sqinney, no matter how beautiful we are.    
 
 
 
The most beautiful woman to me is my wife, and I would challenge anyone to guess her nationality based on her looks.  
 

I wouldn't take that challenge. People can never tell where I'm from neither. I get a lot of that whole "but you're not dark..." bs when I tell 'em.  
 
 
 
Racists!

Its obviously the country with the most women.

spendius.
 

Huh?  
 
 
 
women, by definition, are all beautiful.
 

True, true!  
 
 
I agree with spendius.

The laws of probability dictate the answer must be China.  
 
 
Has anyone mentioned Thailand yet? Here's three that Gus, Slappy, and I hooked up with on our last "tour".

 
 
 
Just reflecting - the question was about producing beautiful women, which would suggest manufacturing, plastics - which would make me think Brazil since they have such a high degree of plastic surgery going on.
 
 
Wherever Penelope Cruz is from is champ!... Though my true guess would have to be the States since so many of the world's beautiful people come to live here, and some of the unlikely mixtures bring extraordinary results.

 
Russia--there used to be those jokes about thick-waisted women named Olga in heavy boots and baboushkas, but I think it's time to revisit that stereotype...
 
Definitely time to rethink that one. We've got lot's of Russians down this way... and thick-waists are definitely NOT IT. :wink:

Example:
 
 
 
How much did that evening cost you, Bill?
 
 
A pretty penny, CJ (dinner and dancing in Boca is never cheap).

A better example of my favorite Russian:
 
 
 
Some folks is just so superficial. Looks ain't everything, ya know... I mean, she's gotta be able to pitch a decent camp, and clean her own fish and game, and its even better if she can tiller a bass boat real good. Matter of fact, if she has a nice bass boat of her own, that's a huge plus.
 
 
Does being the fastest kid in class to break down and reassemble a Kalashnikov score any points with you Timber?
 
 
Yugoslavia... beautiful women. When they're young.

Only tricky thing is they sometimes overdo it - the feminine style, I mean. Albania was worse. Some of those young women looked like transsexuals, if you get my drift - bit over the top.

But yeah, Serbian women... Greek women too. Though those often got very pronounced noses. But otherwise...

Armenian and Georgian women apparently are fabled for their beauty... never seen any, tho, apart from in the movies, so I can't vouch for that.

Japanese... <sighs>

Spanish girls be pretty cute too.

Dutch women, however... well. You know. What can I say - Dutch men are not immediately known for their raging handsomeness around the world either.
 
 
Oh boy timberlandko, you'd have to dig deep to
find a gal like that.

I'd say on average the United States produces the
most beautiful women. Sure Brasil has some breathtaking
girls, but if you take randomly selected 1000 girls from
all walks of life from Brazil, then there might be 10 good
looking and the rest mediocre.

If you take 1000 girls from all states of the US, then you
still have several 100 pretty ones to choose from.

Italian girls might not be all that beautiful, however, they
are charming, full of temperament and also sophisticated
enough to just intrigue every man.

The same goes for the french girls, they are so interesting
and glamorous, that they seem more beautiful than they
actually are.
 
 
Ownin' and maintainin' her own firearms goes without sayin', O'Bil. She's gotta keep up her own fishin' tackle, too, and saddle her own horse  

Don't remember what movie it was from, but there was a line I've always admired. It went somethin' like "Good woman. Work field all day, cook big meals, bear many sons, not die"  
 
 
 
Oh boy timberlandko, you'd have to dig deep to
find a gal like that.
 

Oh, I pretty much got one. Ain't her bass boat, but she tillers it acceptable, and besides, we wear the same size jeans and shirts  

Her boots are a little tight for me though  
 
 
 
 
 
Venezuela has won the most Ms World titles
 
 
 http://www.aneki.com/beautiful.html 
 
 
Yeah, but Venezuela is known -much, much more than Brazil- for actually "producing" their beauties through plastic surgery.
It's a crazy fad there. They make beauty constests all over, have beauty constest schools, with plastic operations included.
 
 
From an article from the Spanish paper "El Mundo"

 

"My dream is to be Miss Venezuela and to buy a new house for my parents", says Lusgrid Farías, one of the best students in the Garbo&Class Model School of Caracas. Both her father (a employee in a wallet factory) and her mother have many ilussions put on their youngest daughter. Though she's only 10, Lusgrid is a veteran catwalker, who collects beauty titles and poses to the cameras with the same naturality as she plays with friends in school"

"My debut was at age 3, modeling in a bikini in a morning tv show, and I love to imitate famous singers and actresses like Paulina Rubio or Jennifer López", she says, as she shows me the photographs of her book... "

"...The granddaughter of a shoe store owner, Melany Barreto is another top student. She's 5 years old, and arrives to Garbo&Class with a pink dress, Monroe stile glasses and walking over incredibly high platforms for a girl her age..."

" the idea is that, during the six month gap between the Miss Venezuela and the Miss World and Miss Universe contests, the year's winner submits to an extenuos transformation job. "The organization has their own gyms, and its team of aesthetics advisers, formed by nutrition experts, physical conditioners, dentists and plastic surgeons. They reccomend if the Miss should take some molars away, raise her breasts, extract ribs or even implant grease on her legs, if they're considered to be too thin".
 
 
     

 

     
 
 
I am stoked that I started a forum that has 7 pages. Usually I don't get one answer.
 
 
australia,
anything with women & sex will have several pages.
 
 
Yes, they are two subjects which I know nothing about hehe.
 
 
Hey, Australia, here's another tip. Threads about absolutely nothing are usually well-received. When it comes to nothing, everybody has an opinion.
 
 
women & sex, women & sex, women & sex, women & sex,...okay somebody, please stop me!
 
 
While it is good fun I'll admit,there is a problem.
Its this.
If you have a most beautiful woman scale you have a top and,it follows,you have a bottom and then there's the bit in between.
The only way to avoid the charge of racism is to say that they are all beautiful.Then,as has been said,China wins.
Besides, its a good strategy for those men who are a bit past it and down on their luck.The any port in a storm principle which I know well.

spendius.
 
 
Well there is no right or wrong answer. It is all a matter of taste.
 
 
Taste doesn't come into it.

China wins.Its been explained already.

Anything else represents confession of fantasy.And a tad too much pernickety picking and choosing.It is an abstract debate after all.

spendius.
 
 
Dunno as I've ever seen a nice Chinese bass boat. Their tackle and huntin' gear don't do much for me either.
 
 
Puerto Rico
Greece
Egypt
 
 
I beg to differ that China produces the worlds most beautiful women. I can't really say which country wins....however....

Taste does play a huge role in how beautiful one is perceived however, beauty is actually symmetry. Symmetry is health. The more symmetrical a face and/or body, the more beautiful it is perceived to be. It is a universal thing.

Now, preferred coloring and size of facial features is what we call "taste". But regardless of skin color, hair color, etc....if a woman is symmetrical she will be considered beautiful anywhere in the world.
 
 
Kristie might be right; when I visited Xian more than a decade ago, the local guide told us that their fair city had the most beautiful women in the world.
 
 
Rather interesting reading.

 Beauty 
 
 
All countries who "produce" A2K members... and that applies to 'beautiful' men as well.

So there.  
 
 
Janet Reno must look really symetrical to Japanese men.
 
 
Dunno if there'd be a link to find - haven't looked - but I recall readin' a while back about a computer-generated "universally beautiful face"... the illustrating image was not at all discomforting to behold, and had been selected from among many examples by means of votes cast by respondants of both genders. It was androgenous, btw.
 
 
Uh, oh. It seems somebody took the Da Vinci code a bit too seriously.  

(androgynous)
 
 
DaVinci never saw a woman he didn't like.
 
 
Hey timber-

You know that can?
I've got a hole drilled in the lid.I peeped inside and there's some shiny things writhing about.I put my ear to it and there's a sinister hissing sound.If you have any decent cutting gear I could do with a hand.The lid weighs a ton by the looks of it.Its impossible to tell what they look like.If they are anything like we could enter them in this competition.

spendius.
 
 
Was he married?
 
DaVinci never saw a woman he didn't like.
 
 
 
 
Was he married?
 
DaVinci never saw a woman he didn't like.
 

 

Who knows, but I understand he did make Mary... oops, um... merry. No, not you, MerryAndrew.

:wink:
 
 
Val, is that you (from TNUSA)?
 
 
Top 4:

1. Sweden
2. Czech
3. Denmark
4. Brazil

Countries such as: U.S.A., Canada and Australia all contain beautiful women, but from all different nationalities and look different in all different areas of the country. So the women do not have one certain look.
 
 
Actually, one of the most beautiful, in the flesh, woman I have ever seen in my life was Polish - no joke.
 
 
... are you sure?? haha, no offence intended to polish people.
 
 
This gal was the sister of one of the guys working in a Florsheim Shoe Shop about five lifetimes ago. If I were not married... you know how that story goes.
 
 
Actually, one of the most beautiful, in the flesh, woman I have ever seen in my life was Cuban - no joke.

Yes
.
.
.
I'm lazy
 
 
Do countries produce " beautiful women " ?
 
 
 
Do countries produce " beautiful women " ?
 

Ever heard of plastic surgery?
 
 
Re: What Country produces the most beautiful women?

 
Its not very poltically correct. But, hey its Christmas!!!!

My vote goes to Brazil. Any other opinions?
 

Hi Australia,

Contratulations. You visited all countries on earth. No one has enjoyed that luxury. It seems to be a record.  
 
 
 
women, by definition, are all beautiful.
 

Thank you Dyslexia:

You are strickenly intelligent.
 
 
 
Tough question.

Often what you don't have around is what you like best.

My first random thoughts (my basis is nationalities I've seen dozens of women, so this leaves out India, Kazakhstan -I've seen a couple of them, incredibly beautiful: a mix of Russian and Asian- or, say, Tunisia):

The top would be:

Brazil (as cadeiras das garotas brasileiras... mmmm   )
Cuba (a similar, glorious, mix)
Czech Republic (I was amazed)

On the next, high, level, I'd put:

USA (they've got all kinds, all races of women, very beautiful until they start bossing you around   )
Southern Spain (the more moorish, the better)
Southern Italy (same as Spain; many Northern girls are washed-out blondes)
Argentina (even if many of them look alike: more variety would have been welcomed).
...
Some girl watching (or "male chauvinist", depending on your point of view) statistical confession:
The other day, I was walking through the streets of my city, and I decided to grade all the women of passable age I saw on the streets. The results were dismaying: 10% pretty/beautiful; 35% OK; 55% homely or plain ugly.
 

Hi Fbaezer :

Some boy watching ( or female chauvinist )
Results from grading men of passable age at your town :
5% gourgeous
10% OK unattractive
85% Disgusting and probably impotent.

Result were depressing.
 
 
 
I did some Googling and found out a couple of interesting things. Apparently, in the 'Miss World' competition, the greatest number of winners were from Venezuela. Now, in contrast, the greatest number of winners in the 'Miss Universe' pageant were from the USA. Makes ya think...not that this thread should get political. :wink:

The most beautiful woman to me is my wife, and I would challenge anyone to guess her nationality based on her looks.  
 

Hi Cavfancier:
I bet many women would love to be your wives.

Happy Holidays to you and to your wife.
 
 
 
DaVinci never saw a woman he didn't like.
 

Wasn't Leonardo gay?
 
 
cav, I know your wife, so I'll remain on the qt.
 
 
I have only been to Mexico, Ireland and Canada outside the US, so I can't really comment. From what I saw, the women in Ireland were atrocious. I think if someone opened up a dentist office, they'd be a billionaire over there....or not, because nobody would go. The best looking women I met there were tourists.

As far as Brazil...I keep hearing the women there are gorgeous, but I've noticed a lot of Brazillian women here have huge asses. Maybe it's different there. Very pretty though, and I still want to visit at some point.

I still dig hot South American women alot...and hot Japanese girls...and hot white girls....I doubt one country has the hottest women. America would have to be up there, considering it's a mix.
 
 
Slappy, You have it right! Our country, the USA, is made up of almost all the cultures and races on this planet, and the mix of all the races produces the "golden people." The US 'produces' the most beautiful women in the world.  
 
 
I'm not too experienced, we'll say, but I'm in the know enough to realize that INDIA has by far the hottest women in the world, especially those beauties from Madhya Pradesh!!! Watch some Indian movies, such as Aitraaz, and you'll know what I'm talking about.

I also want to know which state of the continental U.S. has the most beautiful women. In the Nebraska-Mizzou game this year, there were some FINE broads around. My vote has to go to NE.
 
 
Wait... didn't mean continental US. Im sure a lot of people would consider Hawaiian gals incredibly exotic.
 
 
Hey Slappy Doo Doo-

My inherent gallantry behoves me to come to the defence of the Irish coleen.

They are at least honest.And they are quite inexpensive which is more than you can say for the run of the mill "beauty".

You are in danger of being rendered insolvent and that is a very unattractive characteristic.

spendius.
 
 
Irish foreplay: "Excuse me darlin', but when ya finish scrubbin' the floor, would ye mind handling me lucky charms?"
 
 
The ugliest women I met in Ireland were all American.
 
 
 
The ugliest women I met in Ireland were all American.
 

Hey watch it there.....us American chicks aren't all dogs..
 
 
 
 
The ugliest women I met in Ireland were all American.
 

Hey watch it there.....us American chicks aren't all dogs..
 

Same goes for the Irish. There are many beautiful women in Ireland. If only I hadn't been there on honeymoon...
 
 
 
 
 
The ugliest women I met in Ireland were all American.
 

Hey watch it there.....us American chicks aren't all dogs..
 

Same goes for the Irish. There are many beautiful women in Ireland. If only I hadn't been there on honeymoon...
 

I think the "stereotypical" Irish woman is pretty. Red hair, fair skin, green eyes. The Irish fairie, if you will.
 
 
Meh, colouring varies from place to place. There are just many pretty women in Ireland. The black curly hair with blue eyes works for me as well.
 
 
female irish accent is nice  
 
 
You won't always be able to afford all this self indulgent pernickety,down the nose,view of the field of play.
You ought to think seriously about your mental preparations for when you insensibly metamorphise into a shagged out old has-been like I have so sadly become.

spendius.
 
 
 
You won't always be able to afford all this self indulgent pernickety,down the nose,view of the field of play.
You ought to think seriously about your mental preparations for when you insensibly metamorphise into a shagged out old has-been like I have so sadly become.

spendius.
 

say what?
 
 
All countries have beautiful women. Except England, of course.
I insist, however, that italians are on the top.
 
 
I often insist that beautiful women are on top, it's a lovely perspective.
 
 
Can't say I'm beautiful, but can I be on top anyway?
 
 
absolutely!
 
 
Jumps for joy :-D
 
 
Montana, have you noticed Canadia wasn't mentioned?

Nude pictures of hot Canadians may prove us wrong.

Yes, I spelled it "Canadia." This is how I pronounce it when talking to the natives in hopes I offend them.
 
 
Hey Slappy:-

What do you want to offend people for?

spendius.
 
 
LOL, Slappy. Yeah, I did notice that and I'm surprised because I think Canadian women should be mentioned. My son is always talking about how beautiful the girls are here.
 
 
Yep, Yep, its not a bad country, not a bad country at all.
 
 
 
Hey Slappy:-

What do you want to offend people for?

spendius.
 

Hey Spendius.

I can only hope you're more perceptive in real life.

It's called "sarcasm." dictionary.com will give you a full description of what this is.
 
 
My short jaunt to Montreal, Canadia was good time. I would like to pay a visit again, since I wasn't single at the time.
 
 
It used to be the U.S., but a recent trip to the mall with about 20,000 14-year old girls has shown me we are falling way behind. What exactly is up with wearing low rise jeans that are four sizes too small and forcing your ass to ride three inches above your hips? I don't get it. It's like a nation of underage female plumbers.
 
 
Slappy:-

Sarcasm is well known here as the lowest form of wit.It hardly comes off in print.

It's a useful technique though.Say anything you want and if you're picked up on it just claim you were only kidding.

spendius.
 
 
spendius, you'll get used to slappy. let go.
i noticed czech girls were mentioned twice... not fair. slovak/hungarian/even ukrainian wimmins can take czech dumplings (as they are xenophobically referred to) in a heartbeat. but then more tourists go to czech republic to really know.
 
 
dagmaraka:-

I'll never get used to that little trick.

Eastern European ladies always look good.Their cities look good too.Such a long tradition.I like to think that all the troubles are now over.The sooner they are included in the EEC the better.

spendius.
 
 
Dag: Nah, from what ive seen id put Czechs on top, especially the blond ones. Some hungarian peoples eyes are practically black! You cant see where theyre pupils are looking.,
 
 
Wellll, some are black, but most are mixed. From fair to dark. Nothing wrong with dark, I love Arabic men, for example. And African - Senegal or Madagascar are full of beautiful manly creatures. Diversity makes HUngary more interesting. Like, say... the U.S. All of Central Europe is wildly mixed though - from Kelts, through Huns, Tartars, Germanic people, Slavs... so many came through, all left an imprint. That's why we're so pretty and smart. Oh, and humble. Did I mention humble yet?
 
 
You're right, spendius. Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit....almost as low as not being able to pick up on it.
 
 
I thought puns were the lowest form of wit.
 
 
Note: Cinnesthesia likes cheese on her steak.
 
 
Is that a pun or a sarcasm?
 
 
Hopefully it was a pun.

Cheese, wit.
 
 
I bought Cheez Whiz yesterday for the first time in a long time.
 
 
Not being able to pick up sarcasm may be due to not expecting to come across it on a thread where low forms of wit are unusual.A bit like a surprise low blow.One of those killed Houdini.
There is no forum worth the trouble where resort is had to such debating style.People who engage in sarcastic comment often develop,with practice,a sneering facial expression and most social groups have a tendency to exclude them.

spendius.
 
 
Given the topic, this probably should have originally been posted in "General", so as not to be misleading.
 
 
 
i noticed czech girls were mentioned twice... not fair. slovak/hungarian/even ukrainian wimmins can take czech dumplings (as they are xenophobically referred to) in a heartbeat.
 

Whoohoo! "Even" Ukrainian women... now thats a low blow!  
 
 
Yes, it is!!!!!  
 
 
Here's the "most beautiful woman."

 
 
 
Wow - so American women will actually become beautiful ?

Jooooooooooooke...  
 
 
That's about the size of it. It'll take another 100 generations - I think. LOL
 
 
No blue eyes... thats a shame.

And as a comment, in Canada, we are much... much more multicultural than the U.S. But i guess its a little different, Were mosaic, theyre melting pot.
 
 
Sweden all the way. There is not an ugly chick in the whole country. Plus, none that I've met are ditzes.
 
 
I AM THE GURU
Dude i think asia and africa has the most ugliest girls BECAUSE
LISTEN!! China and india have 1.2 BILLION people each meaning that they must have 4 times the hot girls of usa but it isnt.
And you see on tv and people that japan has hot girls.
NO WAY!
I went there and the people were half my size!! They are ugly.
Whites are very pretty but americans tend to get fat and geeky.
Do u guys know why u think america has pretty women??
Its cos america is very rich and controls the media. america has 300 million people. Tv never shows how hot russia and europeans are.THEY are hot! Ireland has very few people which means if it has hot girls it must ratio with america to see who has more. So what im saying is that you should see countries other than usa. I think the most ugliest white women come from england They have disgusting teeth and are ugly as hell. Japan also is very rich so many americans tend to visit and marry them. Japan doesnt have many hot girls. America has hot girls. Especially Ashlee Simpson.
 
 
Well albertj has his own opinions and that's just fine. Personally I think it has to be between Hungary, Czech Republic and Australia.

But this is what the experts say:

"Country With Most Miss World Winners.
The Miss World Pageant, held under the auspices of Miss World (Jersey) Ltd, Golden Square, London, England, has been won by a Miss Venezuela on five occasions. The UK has won Miss World four times. Miss India has also won four times, and Miss Sweden three"

So there.
 
 
Miss UK? really? thats seems a little farfetched.
 
 
Well Dan:-

Your experiments in exogamy have not ranged too far.The English Rose is beyond comparisons.
 
 
Well Dan:-

Your experiments in exogamy have not ranged too far.The English Rose is beyond comparisons.When She's not trying to scratch your eyes out I mean.
 
 
ahahahahaha, thats awesome.
 
 
