 
 
AP Standings
 
 
BCS will come out around 4. Here's the AP list that just came out. It will look a lot different than the BCS.

1. Alabama
2. Texas Tech
3. Penn State
4. Florida
5. Texas
 
 
Told you Tech would jump Penn State. You no listen to me.
 
 
 
Told you Tech would jump Penn State. You no listen to me.

 

Ok, one more time for the casual football fans...

THIS IS THE AP LIST!!!!! IT DOES NOT MEAN THE BCS WILL BE THE SAME!!!!! Will they jump Penn State? Maybe but I would be shocked.

Jesus, quit trying to pretend you know shit about sports. Put your wife or girlfriend on if you feel the need to spew sports-related posts.
 
 
 
Ok, one more time for the casual football fans...

THIS IS THE AP LIST!!!!! IT DOES NOT MEAN THE BCS WILL BE THE SAME!!!!! Will they jump Penn State? Maybe but I would be shocked.

Jesus, quit trying to pretend you know shit about sports. Put your wife or girlfriend on if you feel the need to spew sports-related posts.

 

I never, EVER said they would jump Penn on the BCS standing. There's no way they will. The computer system is a running average, and Tech's score last week was less than.75, while Penn's was.92. The computer takes into account the caliber of the team they beat, which will give Tech a good boost, and Penn won't move much because they were off this week. Plus, the computer takes their ranking from two separate polls - and right now, the voters are split on who should be #2 and #3. There's absolutely no chance Tech will jump Penn St this week in the BCS.

I actually wouldn't be surprised if Texas was still ahead of Tech in the BCS standings. They only dropped to #5, which is higher than Tech has been all season.

It seems to me like you're the one who doesn't know shit about sports.
 
 
 
I actually wouldn't be surprised if Texas was still ahead of Tech in the BCS standings.

 

Exactly why I question your intelligence of college football. TT will be ranked higher than Texas. Even my dog knows this.
 
 
 
Exactly why I question your intelligence of college football. TT will be ranked higher than Texas. Even my dog knows this.

 

Actually, I don't think it's as likely now. I forgot that the BCS computer doesn't use AP rankings, only USA Today and Harris. Texas is #7 and #6 in those polls, respectively.

Still, I wouldn't be surprised because of the way a running average like the BCS works, but no, I don't think it will happen. I think their averages will be extremely close, but Tech should have a slight edge. I guess we'll wait and see.
 
 
 
I forgot that the BCS computer doesn't use AP rankings, only USA Today and Harris.

 

That ended 2005. Since then they replaced the AP with the Harris. The BCS gives the Harris a 2,850 point max value and the Coaches/USA Today Poll 1,575 max value. Then they use the computer average based on 6 ranking systems to complete it.
 
 
In other news, the Allstate Fan Poll puts Texas Tech at #1. Looks like I'm not the only person who sees the Big 12's superiority over the SEC this year.
 
 
1.Texas.9981

2 Alabama.9499

3 Penn State.9257

4 Oklahoma.8270

5 USC.7822

6 Georgia.7703

7 Texas Tech.7431

8 Florida.7295

9 Oklahoma State.6746

10 Utah

HUH?  
 
 
That's last week's.
 
 
 
That's last week's.

 

well, tell ESPN online sports, because it was dated Nov. 2

I guess it's not updated for this week?

That's why I was like WTH???????????

NOW it makes sense. Is the new one out yet?
 
 
Week 3 BCS Standings:  http://msn.foxsports.com/id/8750486_37_1.pdf  (links to a pdf)

Here's a screen cap of the pdf for the lazy people out there  

 
 
 
 
Week 3 BCS Standings:  http://msn.foxsports.com/id/8750486_37_1.pdf  (links to a pdf)

Here's a screen cap of the pdf for the lazy people out there  

 

 

Thanks efice!

This makes MUCH more sense!  
 
 
How the hell did Tech move up so far? The computer system smokes rocks.
 
 
 
How the hell did Tech move up so far? The computer system smokes rocks.

 

I'm still hoping for Penn State to play in the National Title Game.

AND how about those BALL STATE CARDINALS!

Woo Hoo!
 
 
 
 
 
