 
 
UW Huskiesseatinig out selection Sunday
 
 
My Fighting Irish are a shoe in...........................
 
 
NIT BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!

Servesthesmucksright
 
 
Lol
 
 
Im glad the assholesdidntmakethe big danxce
 
 
 
My Fighting Irish are a shoe in...........................

 

Kentucky No. 1 overall!! Possible rematches with Uconn, Indiana, and Duke. Man I hope so!
 
 
Kentucky will prob be the #1overall seed. (one and out players)

now if only they can getafootball team they arepathetic
 
 
 
Kentucky will prob be the #1overall seed. (one and out players)

now if only they can getafootball team they arepathetic

 

That ain't happening. The money goes to basketball at KY.
 
 
They are still way behind UCLA in basketball.
 
 
at least Arizona is out
 
 
Good luck in the NIT assholes: you will probpably have a lot of double diget wins and then lose in the semis to a nobody
 
 
 
My Fighting Irish are a shoe in...........................

 

U of Dub was a friggin embarrassment this year.
 
 
No way UCLA is anywhere near top tier. UK, UNC are tops. UCLA falls below them.
 
 
I think of Lew

I think of Lew Alcindor, Sidney Wicks, CurtisRowe, MarguesJohbson etc when I think of UCLA basketball
 
 
In Your

face bitcjes uw
 
 
At leastr Arizona is out
 
 
Maybe I'm old school - but the outright winner of a major conf in the regular season should at least get an at-large bid to The Big Dance - if not an automatic berth.

UW went 14-4 in the Pac 12 and won the conf outright.

Anythin can happen in these conf tourneys ie Kentucky and Syacuse not winning their respective tourneys. Yet they would up getting #1 seeds.
 
 
They made an example to the Pac 12
 
 
 
Maybe I'm old school - but the outright winner of a major conf in the regular season should at least get an at-large bid to The Big Dance - if not an automatic berth.

UW went 14-4 in the Pac 12 and won the conf outright.

Anythin can happen in these conf tourneys ie Kentucky and Syacuse not winning their respective tourneys. Yet they would up getting #1 seeds.

 

Cuse is a bunch of overachievers. Look to them to make history as a rare top-seed/second-round loser.

Or maybe you think K-State can't play with the big boys? This Mizzou fan thinks they can.

The Power-6 is 20% of the teams and they get 2/3rds the at-larges. Furthermore all 16 top 4 seeds are Power-6 and none of the 19 bottom 4's are.

The Power-6's just don't need any more help in the Big Dance. If Yoodub wants to go to the Show then tell them not to suck so bad.
 
 
UW drew less than 3000 fans for theirwin over Texas -Arlington in the NIt.
 
 
The Pac 12 was absolutely horrid this year. I wouldn't even have selected California, just Colorado.
 
 
 
UW drew less than 3000 fans for theirwin over Texas -Arlington in the NIt.

 

It's not the team's fault that the fans don't come out. Iowa packed the place in a similar match-up and they weren't supposed to be playing at Carver Hawkeye. Maybe it's this general lack of support for sports teams in Seattle that has them losing their basketball team to a smaller market while small-market Portland seems to have no trouble keeping theirs. Maybe this is the mentality that ensures that they have the single worst team in Baseball and one of the biggest underachievers in pro Football.

Maybe they should have played the game in Texas. They would have packed the stands down there.
 
 
