 
 
NBA Playoffs begin saturday! Who's gonna take it all?
 
 
East: Pacers-Celtics | Nets-Knicks | Pistons-Bucks | Heat-Hornets
West: Wolves-Nuggets | Lakers-Rockets | Spurs-Grizzlies | Kings-Mavs

As much as I hope it's competitive, it looks like the West is going to kill whoever gets there in the East again. Do the Pacers have enough firepower to take it all? I'm thinking Sacramento has the inside track this year.

Whatcha think, people?!
 
 
Well i don't have a clue about the NBA, but if I were to guess, it'd be the Pacers, yeah, Pacers all the way!!!!
 
 
I also think it could be the Kings this year, but if the Lakers don't implode they... could... go... all... the... way!!!
 
 
With the exception of their win in L.A. last weekend, the Kings played terribly to finish out the season. (I grew up just outside of sacto, watching Reggie Theus and Joe Klein lose game after game on the tube, so I take an interest.) Webber's not in game shape, and he plays further out on the floor than Divac or Miller, leaving Stojakovic little room to work -- and giving Webber's man the opportunity to pop out on the screen's and take away some of Peja's shot opportunities. And the defense -- Lord, the defense -- losing to the Suns and the Warriors to finish out the season and drop from the 2 seed to the 4? Inexcusable.

On the other hand, that matches them up with Minnesota in the second round (provided the Kings get through Dallas, who have been playing very well recently), and Minnesota as a unit has very limited playoff experience. Cassell's been through the wars, though, and he's a clutch player.

As much as I hate the Lakers, its pretty much up to them to lose this thing. Consider Phil Jackson's record tarnished if he can't win a ring with these four future hall-of-famers. And you can bet that Payton and Malone are going to be fired up about the post-season.

(A couple of years ago, I went to a Sonics-Jazz playoff game in Seattle, and Payton and Malone had one of the most heated trash-talk fests I've ever seen. End of the game, the Sonics were up and had one last possession -- Payton takes the ball at the top of the 3-point arc, looks straight at Malone, jaws at him, then drills the three as time expires. Stalks toward his locker room just glaring back at Malone. Good stuff.)

San Antonio is San Antonio. Boring, thay have all the pieces, they've been there before. Short of being swept out of the first round, nothing they could do would surprise me.

And don't discount Indiana. Their style is tailor-made for the playoffs. Saw Artest get interviewed on TV the other day -- had a bit prepared about his new shoe, which is covered in cow sh*t. Very funny. The guy ain't right in the head, which is just fine with me. And if nobody really rises to challenge the Pacers in the east, they could be fresh as daisies going into the finals to face whatever beaten and weary team emerges from the west.
 
 
I liked Jespah's answer. Succinct.

Get it, patiodog?
 
 
Hey, you try to put all of those words together more succintly.
 
 
Just messin' with ya', my boy. Paying you back for that comment you made on one of my threads.

You missed the subtle reference, and for that I shall never forgive you.
 
 
I have no idea what you're not talking about.
 
 
You know, goldfish only remember things for a few seconds.

You know, goldfish only remember things for a few seconds.
 
 
Perhaps this will refresh your memory, you heartless bastard...

 Patiodog strikes 
 
 
You ever run into somebody from your mutual past over something you had completely forgotten and thought was completely trivial at the time, and now they want to dismember you with a paring knife after binding you with torn sheets and painting your nipples with lye?

Me neither.
 
 
ok then
 
 
 
(A couple of years ago, I went to a Sonics-Jazz playoff game in Seattle, and Payton and Malone had one of the most heated trash-talk fests I've ever seen. End of the game, the Sonics were up and had one last possession -- Payton takes the ball at the top of the 3-point arc, looks straight at Malone, jaws at him, then drills the three as time expires. Stalks toward his locker room just glaring back at Malone. Good stuff.)
 

I remember seeing that game on TV. I love that kind of shit. Hope there's some of that kind of stuff in the playoffs this year. Maybe Yao and Shaq? Probably not.

Anyway, I also would love to see Minnesota take it. It would be nice to see Latrell get his ring after being totally disrespected by that ineptly managed loser Knicks organization. And Garnett is da man! And Casell? That's a team filled with guys who deserve it.
 
 
Well, Sam's already got two pieces of jewelry. (Or is it just one?)

On Sprewell -- I did find it telling that, though a lot of reporters and league officials condemned his actions, nobody actually came to Carlesimo's defense, or questioned Sprewell's motivations. That guy must be some kind of prick.
 
 
pacers over the wolves in 7... but i'll be happy if my knicks give the nets a hard time advancing to the 2nd round.
 
 
Region: Yeah, I'll be rooting for the knicks too, although I don't hold out much hope. They really suck. I think they are playing saturday at 4:30 or sometime around then. I'm more attached to the T-Wolves this year, and the Kings. The Spurs... how could such a great team be so f*cking boring to watch? It's crazy. They are always a threat though.

Patiodog, yeah, Sammy did get two in Houston, waaaay back when. He's one of the best clutch players I can think of. Should be interesting.

Yeah, I get the feeling that P.J. stands for Perfect Jackass. I don't know, when I hear him speak I just want to strangle him myself for some reason.
 
 
I'm going to be in South Carolina in mid to late May. I damn well better have access to the playoffs.
 
 
I know what you mean. The NBA playoffs is almost like a religious season to me. I don't know how I got so crazy over it, but I have to arrange my whole life around it for the next couple months.

Worship at the altar, people!
 
 
It's a family religion 'round our house. A few years back -- the first the Kings had made the playoffs in I don't know how long, I managed to get the gf to flip the TV away from tennis (some clay-court lead-up to the French Open or something), and turned her on to basketball something fierce. She cried when Webber went down last year.

It's a little creepy, actually. But at least I'll have an ally in SC. Don't suppose the b-ball will be a fixture on the bar TVs down there, though.
 
 
Maybe I could get myself adopted into your family?  
 
 
BYOB.
 
 
My predictions:

Kings over Mavs in 7
T-Wolves over Nuggets in 5
Spurs over Grizzles in 6
Laker over Houston in 7

Indiana over Celts in 4
New Jersey over New York in 5
Detroit over Bucks in 4
Miami over New Orleans in 6

T-Wolves over Kings in 6
Lakers over Spurs in 5

Indiana over Miami in 6
Detroit over New Jersey in 6

Lakers over T-Wolves in 7
Detroit over Indiana in 7

Detroit over Lakers in 6

THE EAST IS BACK ON TOP!
 
 
Forgive me Child, while I laugh at your final pick.  

No f*cking way in hell is Detroit taking it all! I will walk around in a loaded diaper for a week if that happens.

Here's what I think.

Kings over Mavs in 5
T-Wolves over Denver in 5
Spurs over Grizzlies in 4
Lakers over Houston in 6

Indiana over Celts in 4
New Jersey over New York in 4
Detroit over Bucks in 4
New Orleans over Miami in 7

Kings over T-Wolves in 7
Spurs over Lakers in 6

Indy over NO in 4
NJ over Det in 7

Kings over Spurs in 7
NJ over Indiana in 7

Kings over NJ in 5 in the finals.

Finally the Kings get their rings.
 
 
Don't sleep on them, what does Detroit lack? They have 2 good big men, 2 solid gaurds, and a good bench. Not to mention Larry "Basketball's Bill Parcells" Brown.
 
 
Detroit, because they play defense.
 
 
you know, thinking it over, it's not so crazy. There is a chance for Detroit to win in the East. There is no way in Hell they will be able to beat LA, San Antonio, Sacramento or Minnesota, but they could take the Eastern conference.
 
 
Do you guys think Carmello is going to have a draft day status like MJ in a few years. Now, Can you believe Sam Bowie was picked before Michael Jordan. 8 years, Can you believe Darko Milicic was picked before Carmello Anthony? Anyone else see that in the future? Or will Darko rebound and become a Dirk style player?
 
 
I could definitely see that. Carmello's definitely gonna be a big time player. Maybe not like MJ, but...
 
 
I haven't given up on Darko yet. Remember he's a year younger than Bron-Bron and 2 younger than Mello'.
 
 
dribble dribble swish
 
 
Just curious, Back in the day, did you ever play basketball Gus? Or anyone else for that matter.
 
 
Back in the day, gus swished. Now he dribbled.

We won the Sac-Joaquin Div. III section title (CA) my junior year of high school. A-yup, had a great seat for that game.
 
 
I never played organized b-ball, but I play every week at a court nearby, and I've done so for a long time. I love it. How about you, Child?
 
 
 
Just curious, Back in the day, did you ever play basketball Gus?
 

I stayed away from the sissy sports. I played football, baseball and hockey.

Basketball is a girls sport.
 
 
Hockey, huh? That would explain the pretty smile, but where's the mullet?
 
 
Typical stereotypical patiodog statement.

I may have to hurt you.
 
 
Fight! Fight!
 
 
No worries. Gus's stick hasn't been hard enough to hurt anybody in years.
 
 
I can still whip you with it -- use it like a friggin' piece of spaghetti.

Whippersnapper!
 
 
 
A-yup, had a great seat for that game.
 

 
 
 
 
I never played organized b-ball, but I play every week at a court nearby, and I've done so for a long time. I love it. How about you, Child?
 

By far my favorite sport to play, I've been out of the game for about a year, but next week are the tryouts and I'm gonna, well, tryout.
 
 
Gus,
Hah at everything you said.  

Basketball is the sport that takes the most skill to be good at, and you and I both know girls have no skill at sports.
 
 
Hey, now, don't you be talking about my girlfriend like that...
 
 
 
Maybe Sue Bird has skills, but not that Aussie.
 
 
Have you seen her play? Great touch around the basket, if you know what I mean. (Seriously, though, she's savvy in the post. No, really...)
 
 
 
Have you seen her play? Great touch around the basket, if you know what I mean. (Seriously, though, she's savvy in the post. No, really...)
 

Hah, that makes me laugh  . That is my strength as a player, I have Vlade Divac like athleticism and Kareem touch around the basket, along with Larry Bird awareness.
 
 
Huh. Must be rough, having those skills at 4'10".

I had range out to about 27 feet. Didn't mean I'd make it, but I'd damn well shoot it. But I was good for five hard fouls a game.
 
 
Hah, I love those hardnose players. I'm actually 6'4 or 6'5, so I've got decent height. But my secret weapon...The Hook, I swear to God I had a cult following the last year I played. People started chants of "Hook, Hook, Hook" in the stands. I played good fundamental basketball, and people found it amusing. But luckily I polished my game playing street ball in the schoolyard, I was usually the only white kid, and usually one of the best players. I'm going to show up to tryouts with the Stockton nut-huggers, and a ABA headband.  
 
 
Don't forget to lace up your Chucks.
 
 
 
Don't forget to lace up your Chucks.
 

Sadly I don't have any, but I'm gonna wear some Run DMC Adidas.
 
 
Sweet. Very sweet. I'd send you my lucky pumpkin-orange thigh-high game-day-shootaround socks, but I've misplaced them over the years.
 
 
 
Sweet. Very sweet. I'd send you my lucky pumpkin-orange thigh-high game-day-shootaround socks, but I've misplaced them over the years.
 

  Hah. I've searched, God how I've searched for Chucks. But I can never find size 15 hightops.  
 
 
Hate to interrupt, but the Kings/Mavs game is kick-ass right now. Check it out!
 
 
kings won 83-79 -- that's some east-coast-grind-it-out playoff action out west.
what happened to the 136-132 layup drills they usually do?
 
 
 
Hate to interrupt, but the Kings/Mavs game is kick-ass right now. Check it out!
 

I really wish the Mavs had someone outside of Dirk playing worth a shit.  

EDIT:If Michael Finley, Steve Nash, Jamison, and Walker don't get there crap together...They will find themselves tradebait.  
 
 
lakers all the way
Nobody can stop the lakers from takeing it back to la.  
 
 
Re: lakers all the way

 
Nobody can stop the lakers from takeing it back to la.  
 

Hah! Yes, nothing can stop a starting lineup consisting of 2 skeletons, a rapist, a fat monster, and a revolving door huh?
 
 
Gee, I was enjoying everyone's memories of playing the game. As for me, I was a small forward at the intramural level at a small, liberal arts college. In other words, 6' tall with a fairly good shot from the corner...

I still wear Chuck Taylor's, but, alas, my playing days are over.
 
 
Refined the shot in the driveway huh? I know the type of player you were, I say feed it to me in the post and you say "What's the post? You do know you get more points for 3's don't you?"  
 
 
We didn't even 3's then, Child...But yeah, it was shoot first, pass later. Learned the game at a park near my house. We loved to play so much that we shoveled snow off the court in the winter to play half-court!
 
 
It takes a load of dedication just to play in the snow, but to shovel the court just to get to play in the snow? Impressive.  
 
 
Yeah, dedication--and a fair amount of boredom!
 
 
I have a court behind my house now, and I've spent many hours out there playing with the gang. However, there has been one bad change over the years. We can all almost dunk the ball, so now we can't get a freakin' game going without one person saying "Let me try to dunk". He'll waste 10 minutes of our time jumping around like an idiot, and then he'll be too tired to play.  
 
 
Just make sure he plays on the other team!
 
 
 
Just make sure he plays on the other team!
 

I usually got stuck with the player nobody wanted. They would rather sit there and argue with the "No you take him." bullcrap than play.  
 
 
never shovelled snow, but i have swept leaves off in the fall... in fact i haven't played indoors in about 15 years...
dry, cracked skin on the fingertips of my shooting hand is the only major drawback to outdoor play...
i prefer to play when its humid -- i get loose and stay loose longer, a major consideration for these 39 year old legs!
 
 
It's playing with gloves that really test one's dedication. A bit hard on the shooting touch. Of course, I haven't done that since I was a knuckle-head kid. Anything to get out of the house in the winter...
 
 
One of the reasons I never developed handles was because my "court" at home was covered in gravel -- and was muddy in the winter. Made dribbling no fun at all, especially since booting the ball after a bad bounce meant chasing it 50 or 60 yards down the driveway (house on a steep hill). Learned how to shoot very well off of one or two dribbles and a jump stop, though. Ahhh, the mid-range jumper...
 
 
I can dribble good for a big man, but I'm no Chris Webber.
 
 
Kickycan,

 
 
 
 
 
 
Boy do the Knicks suck.
 
 
Hey man don't be too down, I'm in the same boat with The Mavs.
 
 
This is true. You know, I'd like the Mavs if they had a defense. Dirk is unbelievable. And if they didn't have that idiot Mark Cuban hanging around the bench all the time. What an annoying dick he is. How many guys on that team do you think would just love to stuff him in a locker before every game?
 
 
Aw come on? I love Mark Cuban...Did you see that April Fools Day prank he pulled on Del Harris? At halftime he started mouthing off to a ref, and the ref threw him out of the game. Cuban then, full of rage, tackled and began wrestling with the ref. But it was only a joke on assistant Coach Del Harris.  
 
 
I did see that, and I have to admit, I loved it. It was the only time I ever saw him that I didn't want to beat the shit out of him.  
 
 
 , If someone other than Dirk would start playing up to their potential we could win. BUT OF COURSE NOT! It makes me mad sometimes.
 
 
Yeah, I know what you mean. That last game really pissed me off. At least give yourselves a chance at a shot at the end! Whatever happened to the pick and roll? The end of that game sucked.
 
 
  Just makes me want to yell expletives again.      
 
 
Although I am royally pissed at the time, when I think about it later it makes me laugh. After a big f up like that, I sit there, shocked...and then I say the same thing ever time, "Fuckin' Shit.", in a very calm voice. Then, I stand up, and yell, "WHAT THE FUCK?!", and then I start throwing my arms all over the place, and yelling all kinda vulgarities.  
 
 
That is f*cking hilarious. I do the same thing.  

Lucky for me, over the past couple years I have come to expect the Knicks to suck, and that helps keep me calm when they f*ck up over and over and over... and over.
 
 
I've got plenty of expirience in being a losing fan. I bleed Cubbie blue.  . I'll get alot more this year because I'm a Niners fan, and we will blow big time this year...Prove me wrong Frisco, prove me wrong.  
 
 
Undeniable truth #1:

No team with Jayson Williams at point guard will ever win a championship. He... sucks.
 
 
Jayson Williams that plays for Memphis, or Jayson Williams that played for Duke?
 
 
Memphis
 
 
Aww come on man! He has incredible vision, passing skills and a great shooting touch...He just needs to mature, and all that takes is time.
 
 
He's had time, and it's almost up. I watched him do the same showboat crap when he was in Sacramento, and I used to want to throw my TV out the window whenever he got the ball. And I remember thinking "he just needs to mature. He just needs time."

Last night while I was watching the game I picked up my TV, and just as I was about to throw it out the window I remembered, oh, it's just because that f*ck-up has the ball. That thought saved me from having to buy a new TV!  

His time's up!
 
 
Career Line:

Points: 11.9 Assists: 7 Turnovers per game: 2.65 (1.89 this year, he is maturing!)

Compared to Jason Kidd:

Points: 14.9 Assists: 9.4 Turnovers per game: 3.39(3.19 this year)

What say you to that Kickycan?
 
 
I have to go now, so I don't have time to come up with some snappy answer to that, so I'll have to leave it at this.

Jason Kidd sucks too. LOL
 
 
 
I have to go now, so I don't have time to come up with some snappy answer to that, so I'll have to leave it at this.

Jason Kidd sucks too. LOL
 

  No need for a snappy come back, just a feast of crow.
 
 
I still think he sucks. You forgot to put his crappy 38% field goal percentage in there, and if they had a statistic that showed how many absolutely stupid shots he takes per game, and how many ill-advised passes he makes, I think you'd have to agree. Plus, when the game is on the line, you can put money on him fucking it up somehow, by trying to be too cute with the ball. I say leave the flashy shit to somebody who knows how to do it, like Chris Webber.
 
 
Who do you think taught Webber how to do that?
 
 
Oh yeah, and you all thought I was crazy for picking The Rockets over the Lakers...WHO IS CRAZY NOW!??!?!  
 
 
I am lovin' that pick now. Good game tonight. Can't wait for game four. How are they going to be able to shut Kobe down like that again though? I don't see it happening like that two games in a row.
 
 
I would do anything for Kobe to fall from grace...I HATE HIM SO MUCH!  
 
 
 

I hate the Lakers, but if Kobe was on the Knicks, I'd be his biggest fan!
 
 
If The Mavs were to sign him in the off season, I'd be so f'n pissed! I don't care if he would help us win a title, I'd only be concerned with Dirk's wife and sister's safety. It really angers me that he is accused of rape and people still stand by him! What did they when Tyson was accused of rape? GRRRR!

I would really like to play him one on one. I'd just wait for him to take a jumper, then slide my foot under his, and when he came down hopefully I'd break it.  
 
 
Wow! A lot of anger there, Child.   I don't have any idea if he raped the girl or not, but it's possible that he didn't. So I try to just not pay attention to that circus until it's over. With Tyson, I was one of the dumb asses who actually thought he was innocent! What a dope. I agree with you about the idiots who defend him just because he's a f*cking b-ball star. F*cking morons, every one of 'em.
 
 
He's just a douche, and I wanna bring him down a few. He seems so goddamn cocky, like he's Mr. Big Shit and all he's every done is ride Shaq's fatass to 3 rings.  
 
 
He is a cocky shithead, but you gotta admit, he's also an incredible basketball player. There are precious few guys out there who can take over a game by themselves, and he is one of them.

I have had this dream for the past couple years that he will come to NY and end up with 3 rings in LA and 3 in NY. The first bi-coastal multiple championship winner!

I guess if he's a rapist, that would shoot that whole thing to shit though.
 
 
I hope with all that I have to hope with, that he'll get jail time. And I'll never admit he's even a decent player.  

And your little dream  
 
 
And I'll never admit that Jason Williams doesn't suck.

So there!  
 
 
 , I'm sure you'd rather have J-Will running the point than Penny "Don't you remember me?, You know I was good in the 90's" Hardaway.  
 
 
Say goodbye to Houston. That's gotta suck. They had that game too.
 
 
so far no upsets in the first round.
wolves should wrap it up tonight.
heat-hornets is a toss up of 2 evenly-matched mediocre eastern teams...
 
 
Its great to see your home team or a team you really like win it all. But let's not forget priority #1:

Seeing suck-ass, national-band-wagon teams you hate like the Yankees and Lakers go down!!! Ah, real sporting satisfaction!

Blah, blah, blah - $$$
Blah, blah, blah, blah - $$$
Seeing Bryant and Fisher crying again - $ Priceless $
 
 
I agree with everything you just said, except that part about the Yankees. Please, let's just stick to basketball and our common hatred for the Lakers, so I don't have to kick your ass. :wink:
 
 
So far my picks have been pretty damn good. I should have put some money on those. All I missed so far was how many games the Lakers and the Pistons series would go. Damn I'm good!

Are you ready for the Spurs to stomp the Lakers?!!!
 
 
I've missed 2 picks so far...How was I to know that Dirk would be the only Mav that wanted to win?   And how was I to know that the Refs would F the Rockets out of a few games?  
 
 
 
How was I to know that Dirk would be the only Mav that wanted to win?
 

Have you been watching basketball for the past three years?

 
And how was I to know that the Refs would F the Rockets out of a few games?
 

See above.
 
 
The Rockets don't need any help screwing themselves out of games.

I didn't make it to this site in time, but the only one I've missed so far (not including # of games).........you'll never believe it............

.........Knicks over the Nets! (Why the hell did I do that???)

Well, from here out:

Heat - 7

Spurs - 6
Wolves - 7
Pacers - 5
Pistons - 6

Spurs - 7
Pacers - 7

Spurs - 6
Back-in-Black
 
 
I'm thinking Spurs too now. I am still hoping for Sacramento, but I don't know... C-Webb is only hurting them right now.
 
 
Dallas was a terrible matchup for both Webber and Vlade. Granted, KG is a nightmare, too, but at least the rotation of big guys should be able to accomplish something against the platoon of Johnson and Olowakandi. The way Bibby and Christie have been fired up, their matchups with Cassell and Sprewell should be entertaining. And Peeler probably has a grudge against Minnesota, so that might be useful. Too bad Bobby Jackson's out.

I am hoping Duncan and the Spurs abuse the mail-order Lakers. Should be a good watch, at any rate.

No picks, though. I have no clue how things are going to shake out, which is great. And I wouldn't underestimate Detroit's and Indiana's chances, either. Indy plays stingy defense and Miller can still deliver huge plays. And Detroit suddenly has a third offensive threat and still plays stingy D. Can you imagine driving past one Wallace just to run into the other? Brutal. And it gives Billups and Prince a lot of leeway to gamble on the perimeter.
 
 
Yeah, I think this next round is going to be great. Both series in the west should be incredible, and I remember Tashawn (I can't spell his name--why do these guys have to have such f*cked up names?) Prince from last year in the playoffs. I love watching that kid play. He is definitely a big-time player in the playoffs. Should be a great couple weeks.
 
 
Walker needs to leave....

Kobe kicked that goddamn ball when he made that steal.  
 
 
I thought Walker started to find a niche toward the end of the year, once he resigned himsel to more of a penetrate-dish-rebound mentality. But that's not a team they've got in Dallas, it's a collection of players, and it will be interesting to see if they try to fine-tune it or overhaul it in the off-season. I'm not sure if they'll want to keep paying for both Nash and Nowitzki. Personally, I'd like to see Nash end up in Seattle. It's close to his home town, they're dying for a basketball hero (Payton was too surly, Allen is too boring, and Lewis is no one to build a team around). I think it'd be a great fit -- have Lewis filling the lane on a Nash-led break and Radmanovic trailing. Not a title team, but entertaining.
 
 
12-12 in the first...what a great few weeks this is going to be: Fellow Texans kickin' Lakers @55, Cinco de Mayo, monster Mother's Day BBQ next week, all capped-off with a Bryant-Fisher CRYBABY SESSION!!!!

(F|_|CKIN' SPURS BETTER WIN!!!!!!!!!)
 
 
Wow. They actually called a travel on Kobe. Incredible.
 
 
Damn lucky shot...
 
 
F|_|CKIN 'AYE, PARKER!!!!!!!!!
 
 
Finley, Nash, and Dirk are staying. Walker and Jamison piss me off and need to leave. Besides, next year they should give Josh Howard a lot more minutes.
 
 
budhism aint workin right now for Colonel Sanders and the bunch.......
 
 
Garnet gets the MVP trophy right before he takes on the high-powered Kings. Should be good. It's just about to start.
 
 
Damn, Bibby is a badass in the playoffs.
 
 
No way I was pickin' the Kings (even though I love 'em) without home court or Bobby Jackson. They played well tonight............
 
 
They can do it without Jackson. But they can't lose another key part and still win it all.
 
 
Vlade gets shouldered in the nuts, and immediately blocks out for the first time in about five years. I don't think he'd like my proposal, if I was the coach...
 
 
 
They can do it without Jackson. But they can't lose another key part and still win it all.
 

you mean like C-Webb, or, as I like to call him, the gimp?
 
 
They can't afford to lose C-Webb, Brad Miller, Vlade, Christie, or any other key player.

Patiodog, Vlade is one of the most entertaining players in the league, especially when he is guarding Shaq. The hate is so obvious anytime he and Shaq get together, and Vlade's constant ''flops", only intensify the hatred.  
 
 
Child of the Light, my point was that C-Webb has already been as good as gone the last few games. He can't jump, he's not moving too well, and like you said, that is the end for them. They might get by Minnesota without him, but the next round they're done if he doesn't get better, which I don't think will happen.

By the way, I can not stand Vlade "the flop". But I like the Kings, so I can laugh when he does that shit sometimes. He's still a dick though.
 
 
Nothing like watching part 2 (of 5) of the LA Lakers' Crying Game, in San Antonio, Tejas, on Cinco de Mayo, liftin' a few cold ones..........hell, this game's so good I got a make cervasa run!!!! -and I usually plan well.
 
 
The Spurs haven't lost since March.

Even without the Admiral, they still got enough to take it all the way.

edit: March. Month before last. Significant. Somewhat.
 
 
Damn the Spurs are playing great ball right now. Could it be a sweep? Ooh, that would be soooo sweet!
 
 
Whatever the Spurs are doing during halftime -- they've gotta stop. Both games should've been blowouts.
 
 
wiat til they put on their black uniforms

I just hope it goes 4 or 6 so the Lakers can cry on their own floor again
 
 
The Lakers just play no help defense at all -- that's why Parker is killing them. People cut into the lane, and everyone's just standing there going, "Not my guy."
 
 
exactly.
the spurs are a team 12-deep; the lakers are 4 superegos and 8 scrubs...
 
 
Gotta say, even as a Kings fan I was surprised by their game 1. I mean, they were actually playing defense -- and not just the guards, either. Still, I don't expect Sprewell or Garnett to play as poorly in game 2 as they did in game 1. Though staying off Sprewell and making him shoot standup jumpers instead of going to the hole is the way to handle him.

Nothing you can do about Cassell except to neutralize his scoring with your own. Maybe Bibby can keep it up...
 
 
Garnett is not the MVP. What the hell kind of shit was that for a last second shot?
 
 
Wow, what a f*cking game that Kings/Wolves game was!
 
 
kobe is superhuman.
Q: how many of us could deal with a court appearance on a rape charge during the day, then go score 42 (15 in the 4th) in a playoff game that night, knowing if your team loses you're basically toast?
A: not many, probably none...
 
 
Yeah, he is as close to Michael Jordan as anyone in the league.
 
 
He seems to be strong and fresh, as if missing the practices to attend his hearings is actually helping.

The Spurs will still take that series.
 
 
I'd guess that he's profoundly uncomfortable around his teammates and that not having to see them all day keeps his mind fresh. Sitting on a private plane and in a courtroom doesn't demand social interaction.
 
 
derek fisher??!!
4/10th's of a second left in regulation???!!!
u gotta be sh!ttin' me...
 
 
I was thinking that Tim Duncan finally made himself one of those legendary shots that will put him up there with the all-timers, and then that f*cking dickhead had to do that bullshit. Sickening. And now the Lakers are up? What a f*cking joke! I'm pukin' blood over here!
 
 
 
I'm pukin' blood over here!
 

Sorry K.C. It was clutch, and some things are destined by a higher power. I won a bet today here at work, and I am LOVIN IT BABY!  

Man, I feel for you though. That one at SA had to hurt!  
 
 
It is better for the greater good for L.A. to win because it will keep all the casual fans interested for 1 more round. I swear sometimes that Timmy Duncan is a cyborg.
 
 
(DELETED)
 
 
That Spurs-Lakers game was classic.

Must rethink the possibility of the Spurs reaching the Finals now.

This New Jersey-Detroit game was likewise awesome. Three overtimes before Brian Scalabrine finishes off the Pistons.

Derek Fisher. Brian Scalabrine.

Ya gotta love the way the playoffs can make heroes out of regular Joes.

Sorry about your stomach lining there on the floor, kick.

Hope you feel better...
 
 
I have been waiting for a really good game in that Jersey series, and now the one night I go out and don't pay attention, they f*cking had one. F*cking figures. Damn it! All the games are really starting to get really good though. :cool:
 
 
kicky,
they got this new-fangled gadget now called a VCR...
 
 
I know, I just can't watch it unless it's live though. I always end up hearing what happened before I see it, and it ruins it for me.
 
 
My Detroit/San Antonio Finals prediction isn't looking so good now. But I still have faith.
 
 
  can't believe kidd put up a g00se egg last night  
originally i had wolves-pacers, but now its starting to look more like lakers-pistons...
 
 
That was the worst piece of shit performance I've seen in a long time. What a f*cking shit team. I'm glad they are gone.

And to think I passed up a chance to have sex just to watch that garbage.
 
 
Pistons baby, Pistons. Just remember, when you are watching Sportscenter and Rich Eisen says, "Who would have thought it?", me.
 
 
Pistons -Lakers looks good...every game is starting to heat up
 
 
Wow, that block by Prince at the end of the game last night was the most amazing thing I've seen in a long time. My picks are all shit now. F*cking Lakers are going to take it again.
 
 
That was an awesome play. When I first saw it I thought it was Darko, and I was seriously about to cream my jeans. But nope, Teyshaun made the amazing play, and Darko was on his ass.
 
 
who in the hale is kareem rush??!!! his 3-point shooting pretty much single-handedly knock't the wolves out last night...
 
 
Hmm we're down to the Lakers and whoever wins the Pistons-Pacers series.
 
 
Aw, this is the first I knew that the Timberwolves bit the dust. Off to send condolences to my dad...
 
 
Yeah, that sucked. I wanted Spree to get in there. Now the only positive is the possibility of Malone getting his first ring, which he deserves.
 
 
 
Yeah, that sucked. I wanted Spree to get in there. Now the only positive is the possibility of Malone getting his first ring, which he deserves.
 

He deserves nothing unless he gets it with Stockton.
 
 
Stockton deserves it too, but he ain't around, so I am still going to be happy for the big guy if he gets there. Although it would be nice to see Ben Wallace and the bad boys of Detroit put the Lakers down like rabid dogs!
 
 
 
Yeah, that sucked. I wanted Spree to get in there. Now the only positive is the possibility of Malone getting his first ring, which he deserves.
 

I'd like to see Spreewell "in there". In prison, that is.
 
 
i smell a trend if LA goes alltheway --
next year stockton, barkley & ewing will un-retire and sign with LA for $1 million each...
 
 
 
Stockton deserves it too, but he ain't around, so I am still going to be happy for the big guy if he gets there. Although it would be nice to see Ben Wallace and the bad boys of Detroit put the Lakers down like rabid dogs!
 

Who was the guy that predicted Detroit to win it all? I can't remember.
 
 
YOU! You are a dreamer, but we can hope.
 
 
I just looked back at my predictions and they are VERY close to the real life playoffs. I think you should look to refresh your memory.

 Child's God Picks 
 
 
Pretty good, Child. Mine went to complete shit after the first round.
 
 
Hah, well we can't all have the gift.
 
 
neither team scored 70 last night -- pathetic!
all LA has to do is let rip score his points and shut down the wallaces & billups... lakers in 5.
 
 
Nice to see Rip Hamilton do his thing--I've been a fan since he played for UConn. Now, if he can only power his team past LA...
 
 
I don't see how Detroit is even going to get one game. This series might be close if Shaq was in a coma for the next two weeks, but since he'll be there, forget about it. This will be a good week to be a Lakers fan.
 
 
i was thinking sweep, but detroit'll prolly win ugly @ home in game 4...
 
 
Well, I wouldn't be on Detroit, if that's what you mean, kicky. But I will root for them!
 
 
Oh my god was I wrong! Is anybody else watching this?! I don't care how this turns out, we got ourselves a reeeeally good finals so far. This is a great game. OT!
 
 
I know Child is going to disagree with this, but Kobe Bryant is Michael Jordan. Wow.
 
 
 
I know Child is going to disagree with this, but Kobe Bryant is Michael Jordan. Wow.
 

yeah, they gave him an icewater transfusion last night...
 
 
 
I know Child is going to disagree with this, but Kobe Bryant is Michael Jordan. Wow.
 

He has to be Irish.
 
 
Pistons...I told you all.
 
 
the lakers look like they'd rather be playing golf...
 
 
I can't believe the way this series is going. How are the Pistons doing this? Are they that good on defense, or are the Lakers just playing like shit?
 
 
kobe needs an emergency colorado court appearance before game 4...
 
 
Refs handed game 2 to L.A. in the waning moments of the game. Thanks to their non-call on Prince's earlier foul on Kobe, Hamilton was afraid to get anywhere near him on that final jumper to tie, for fear of a makeup call. All he could do was hope Bryant would miss, which he didn't. It may not have been obvious, but the refs screwed that game up big time. It should be 3-0 Detroit.
 
 
I heard somebody tell me that the refs handed game 4 to the Pistons. Who knows.

Child, if the Pistons take it tonight, you are officially going to be my betting guru.

This is pretty cool. I think the Lakers are going to blow them out tonight. Given my previous picks, that should pretty much seal victory for the Pistons.
 
 
Take a bow CoTL!
 
 
Here comes the news that Pistons beat Lakers with the final score 4:1.
After a fourteen-year-old waiting,Pistons hold the champion again.
And in my views,the Lakers' Dynasty will completely break into pieces because the two "old men",Malone and Gary.P,are too helpless,making us entirely disappointed.
Anyway,this season is over.
Everyone now can have a good break.
 
 
lakers look't like a rec league team out there -- they really stunk up the place.
this has to rank as one of the biggest upsets in sports history...
 
 
It approaches Clay defeating Liston the first time they fought. NOBODY thought Cassius (as he was still known) had a chance...
 
 
I wonder how long it will be before Shaq starts talking about how he wants to be traded?
 
 
Man, that was the beating of a lifetime. I loved every second of it.
 
 
what up with larry brown's hot young wifeypoo?? she looks like she's half his age!
they kept showing her on the screen, and i thought "oh, that's his daughter." NOT.
 
 
I wondered about that, too. Larry looks young for his age (60+), but still...
 
 
is she his personal fountain of youth  

~~

herewith my 2004-05 laker (partial) roster predictions:

staying--
shaq
fisher
rush
walton

leaving--
jackson
kobe
payton

retiring--
malone
grant
 
 
A little delayed but...I told you so!!
 
 
Kicky, I was looking for you but I couldn't find you because of the new avatar. This series should have ended in 4, damn that would have been sweet.
 
 
