 
 
30 potential nuclear countries?
 
 
I have just been reading news reports that suggest there are 30 countries that can potentially make their own nuclear weapons. They range from the obvious big 5 (US,UK,France,Russia,China) to the next probable ie: Isreal,North Korea,India etc. I have not been able to find a list of these 30 countries the news stories relate too. I wonder what opinions are of who some of these countries are? There are the obvious countries that can, or could build their own like Japan, Canada, Germany and Australia. Where would these other countries get the Uranium? It was my understanding there are few countries that posses this resource.
 
 
 
I have just been reading news reports that suggest there are 30 countries that can potentially make their own nuclear weapons. They range from the obvious big 5 (US,UK,France,Russia,China) to the next probable ie: Isreal,North Korea,India etc. I have not been able to find a list of these 30 countries the news stories relate too. I wonder what opinions are of who some of these countries are? There are the obvious countries that can, or could build their own like Japan, Canada, Germany and Australia. Where would these other countries get the Uranium? It was my understanding there are few countries that posses this resource.

 

Though Dr Khan is out of business his ISI colleagues would be more than willing to help.

I think they will be better help on Nuclear blueprints  
 
 
I'm guessing these countries can go nuclear if they wanted to.

Sweden
Mexico
Argentina
Canada
Japan
South Korea
Portugal
Taiwan
Germany
Italy
Brazil
South Africa?
Saudi Arabia?
 
 
Ukrane inherited a huge nuclear arsenal from the old Soviet Union.

India and Pakistan have already demonstrated their nuclear devices.

There might be some other former Soviet republics that possess nuclear weapons.
 
 
 http://nuclearweaponarchive.org/Nwfaq/Nfaq7.html 
 
 
Thank you Officer of Engineers, that link answered the question.
 
 
 
I have just been reading news reports that suggest there are 30 countries that can potentially make their own nuclear weapons. They range from the obvious big 5 (US,UK,France,Russia,China) to the next probable ie: Isreal,North Korea,India etc. I have not been able to find a list of these 30 countries the news stories relate too. I wonder what opinions are of who some of these countries are? There are the obvious countries that can, or could build their own like Japan, Canada, Germany and Australia. Where would these other countries get the Uranium? It was my understanding there are few countries that posses this resource.

 

Australia is one of the world's primary suppliers of uranium, and we already have one small nuclear reactor, so it wouldn't be too much of a stretch for us to start building smaller bombs, which could be carried by F-111s and Hornets. Congo also has large quantities of the stuff, which I guess means that neighbouring countries with some technical know-how (South Africa, possibly Nigeria someday) would be able to get their hands on some and build themselves some nuclear weapons. South Africa did have their own nuclear program once upon a time, but I believe its been conclusively shut down now. There'd be a few European nations that have experience with nuclear technology who, if they could get enough weapons-grade gear, would be able to go nuclear if they wanted to. Sweden is probably one of them. Ukraine and the other larger former USSR members would also have a chance at getting the technology working, all they'd need is the fuel and a desire to ignore the USA, EU, PRC and Russia who all wouldn't like the idea at all.
 
 
