 
 
strongest military power in south america??
 
 
brazil??

i could be wrong.
 
 
Probably Brazil.... I don't know how powerful Argentina is anymore.
 
 
 
Probably Brazil.... I don't know how powerful Argentina is anymore.

 

Brazil, I think they have an aircraft carrier
 
 
The Brazilian carrier was retired i believe.
 
 
Which south America countries have AWACS?
 
 
None of them.
 
 
 
None of them.

 

Yes, Brazil have both, a AWACS aircraft EMB-145 ASW (developed in Brazil):

 http://www.news.navy.mil/view_single.asp?id=14877 

and the Brazilian Navy have the aircraft carrier Sao Paulo

 http://www.geocities.com/lucktam/awa...raer145ASWAEW/ 

operating A-4 Skyhawks.

And the Brazilian airforce is completing the process to acquire 12 new Shukoi Su-35 or Mirage 2000 to complete the force together with his AMX home made atack jet fighter, modernized F-5 and Super Tucano Close air suport/atack fighter.
 
 
 
and the Brazilian Navy have the aircraft carrier Sao Paulo

 

Former french old "Foch", bought in 2001
 
 
"Which south America countries have AWACS?"

Chile.

The FACH uses one Phalcon AWACs.
 
 
i think Chile has the best military of all those countries. They have a good amount of tanks compared to other countries (in numbers and models). They are also getting scorpene sub, frigate. Their infantry is probaly the best equiped and trained + they have the economy to keep up a war for a long time. And also Chile has very good allies unlike Peru or Argentina.
 
 
 
i think Chile has the best military of all those countries.

 

Yes I agree
 
 
Venezuela bought 50 Mig 29's from Russia. Any insight on their military? Is highly important b/c #3 petrol importer 2 US, + Chavez is doin to Communist dance.
 
 
 
Venezuela bought 50 Mig 29's from Russia. Any insight on their military? Is highly important b/c #3 petrol importer 2 US, + Chavez is doin to Communist dance.

 

what is relation of Mig-29 to communism? Same logic would associate F-16 to democracy (somewhere in Iran   ?
 
 
none. i just commented Chavez is showing communist tendencies as an ancillary statement.
 
 
 
none. i just commented Chavez is showing communist tendencies as an ancillary statement.

 

Chavez has nothing to do with communism. He is just a small regional radical, created by US and their stupid politics in LatAm. If you noticed he advertises everywhere that he hates US and gets a lot of support for that. His opponents are businessman who are associated with US and because of that they lose votes.....

why so many people from so many LatAm countries are not happy with US and even US tourists bringing them cash? May be for same reason why Polish still hate Russians..... Russians meddled too much into Polish life in the last 50 years.
 
 
US did not create Chavez in VEN. look at Gen Hill's (SCOM) statements on him, the US is not happy with him. Chavez's best friend is who? a man by the name of Castro.
 
 
this isnt simple deflection politics by US in Lat A
 
 
 
US did not create Chavez in VEN. look at Gen Hill's (SCOM) statements on him, the US is not happy with him. Chavez's best friend is who? a man by the name of Castro.

 

it was not created the way Noriega was made up.... but with constant meddling in their life you would certainly get somebody who hates you. I would say that Chavez is a soft version of what could have emerged
 
 
sir, i do now wish to impugne your credibility in any way. however, i have sources who play a critical role in US FoPo 4 state dept + DoD in L A. US is NOT happy w/ Chavez. US wants Chavez OUT.
 
 
 
US is NOT happy w/ Chavez. US wants Chavez OUT.

 

sure no doubts!
 
 
I'm happy you've come to your senses.
 
 
I think that the strongest army in South America is Chile. They have been increasing their power significantly these lasts 10 years.
 
 
How evil is Chavez actually on a scale from 1 to ten? If 1 is Uncle Sam and 10 is Kim Jung Il?

No, seriously, except fraternizing with A-jads and threatening USA, has the man actually done something worse than just threatening US authority?
 
 
 
How evil is Chavez actually on a scale from 1 to ten? If 1 is Uncle Sam and 10 is Kim Jung Il?

No, seriously, except fraternizing with A-jads and threatening USA, has the man actually done something worse than just threatening US authority?

 

Most of the bad stuff he's done, he has done to Venezuela. Before he leaves office he will wreck the economy. It is possible to turn a net oil exporter into an economic basket case and Chavez is just the dictator to do it.
 
 
 
Most of the bad stuff he's done, he has done to Venezuela. Before he leaves office he will wreck the economy. It is possible to turn a net oil exporter into an economic basket case and Chavez is just the dictator to do it.

 

Not to mention removing basic rights, like freedom of speech, freedom to assemble, freedom of the press...
 
 
Didn't you wonder why the venezuelans left all this so easily? I guess they simply do not find any advantages which could say anything in favour of their past "democracy" against the present "dictatorship". Most of venezuelans do not find, at least.
 
 
Brasil
 
 
 
Most of the bad stuff he's done, he has done to Venezuela. Before he leaves office he will wreck the economy. It is possible to turn a net oil exporter into an economic basket case and Chavez is just the dictator to do it.

 

Well, he is in power because previous Governments were doing very little to people and too much to foreign corporations. They eased Chavez with his populistic policies.

Before democracy and freedom rights people need - security, food, health care and education
 
 
 
Well, he is in power because previous Governments were doing very little to people and too much to foreign corporations. They eased Chavez with his populistic policies.

Before democracy and freedom rights people need - security, food, health care and education

 

Which Chavez seems to be supplying somewhat better than earlier governments. All macroeconomic indicators are a little better than what they were before 1999.
 
 
Chavez has made territorial claims to Guyana and Colombia. He also called Alvaro Uribe of Colombia a "thief" or some such thing, and generally been a nuisance to everyone around him except Bolivia. Uribe, a real high-roader, has made nice with Chavez, and even come clean about an assassination plot hatched by ex-Venezuelan military people in Colombia. Uribe doesn't appear to have had anything to do with it.

Domestically, Chavez has delivered on some of his promises (oil rents), but his consolidation of power is worrisome to many Venezuelans.

Interestingly, Venezuela is in a kind of limbo right now, having left the Andean Community, though after a year its still not been ratified by the Brazilian and Paraguayan parliaments into Mercosur. Continent-wide Unasur is due to integrate the two blocs and everyone else in SA in December, so it may prove to be a non-issue. Can't imagine Chavez has much leverage in the meantime.
 
 
there were rumours/suspicions about Chavez diverting some of his future aquisitions to Argentina as part of his attempt to create a 'Chavez hegemony' in SA, he was also sticking his nose into the Falklands dispute at the same time as Nester Kirchner was getting a bit sweaty over the islands.

i think the rumour started when the Argentine AF was seen at some of the Arms Fairs looking seriously at stuff it could never afford while these political shenanigans were going on and the news started to filter through about the Syrian MiG-31 deal - Syria gets high end kit but Iran pays for it because it suits its geo-political needs.

anyone know anything more about this or whether its total balls?
 
 
 
i think Chile has the best military of all those countries. They have a good amount of tanks compared to other countries (in numbers and models). They are also getting scorpene sub, frigate. Their infantry is probaly the best equiped and trained + they have the economy to keep up a war for a long time. And also Chile has very good allies unlike Peru or Argentina.

 

Chile (Brazil & Argentina's militaries are old and obsolete)

Here's a recent headline:
"Chile's Aggressive Military Arms Purchases Are Ruffling the Region, Alarming in Particular Bolivia, Peru and Argentina"
 Scoop: Chile's Military Arms Purchases Alarm The Region 

Also, from  IRC Americas Program | Chile and Venezuela: Myths and Realities of the Arms Race  :
" In recent years Chile has purchased weapons valued at US$2.785 billion, Venezuela at US$2.200 billion, and Brazil, greatly lagging, occupies third place at US$1.342 billion. A recent report in the industry magazine Military Power Review affirms that the trans-Andean country has risen from fourth to third place in the "military capacity" ranking for South America, displacing Argentina from that position and approaching Peru, which continues to occupy second place. "

One thing is that Argentina & Brazil's military is worth more cause they have a lot of older equipment... also their speditures goes to their larger personal. But when it comes to precission and advancement, Chile hands down is the Isreal of South America !  
 
 
English is not my main language but i`ll try to make simple :P.

Today Brazil still is the main military power in south america.

It`s true that Chile is buying a lot of military equipement in the last years but they still dont have enough numbers to pass Brazil. (Brazil have 3 to 1 in quantity, even if you have tech advantage you will need A LOT of advantage to make the tech make up for 2 soldiers). If you count the reserve the difference go 10 to 1. (1.3million vs 130thousands)

In the tech area they are almost equal. Brazil have a lot of old armament, true, but few care to notice that this armament is upgraded with the Top tech available (or in the upgrade process) making them equal or almost equal to any new equipement in the market.

A example is the upgraded F5 who originaly is a 3rd generation fighter. But the brazilian F5br (F5-EM) is a 4rd generation fighter and can fight vs f-15, f-16 and f-14 without problems.

In Navy Chile and Brazil are almost equals. Both have few subs and some modern frigates.

In Army i dont think its worth comparing, Brazil have more numbers but dont focus his soldiers in Mountain/Hills training. Brazil is 60% Jungle.

Two different terrains with two different training and survival methods. In tecnology i cant see the difference between them. (Both have good rifles, good protection, night vision and all the high tech they want).

But its true that chile is gaining more and more power. Now Chile and Peru tie in the second military power em South american. And if Brazil dont upgrade soon in 2015-2020 they will lost the first position.

Venezuela is in the 5ยบ position fighting to pass Argentina. (Argentina with the last financial crysis still dont have money to upgrade his army and the war in falk islands make buying new equipement a lot more dificult). But is 100% dependent on the Oil price. If the oil go down, the Venezuelan army go down too because need this money to maintain everything working.
 
 
maybe Russia?..

 http://www.worldaffairsboard.com/int...venezuela.html 
 
 
Of the South American Armed Forces, Brazil, as said by many is the most powerful by virtue of its size. But its military is concentrated on its Eastern periphery as the majority of the country in the West has a minimal presence except for the region bordering Colombia.

There is a debate in Brazil over whether the Navy should retire the Sao Paulo and most of its surface combatants and make its navy based on nuclear powerd attack submarines.

In terms of capabilities and quality, Chile is deemed better.
Chile's AF has replaced its front line fighter, the Mirage/ Kfir series, with the F-16, about half block 50 series and the rest are second hand purchases from the Netherlands. I believe the US refused to give them AMRAAM capbility, so the Israelis are said to have provided them with equivalent systems to replace the ones the US refused to provide.

Its army is an interesting dichotomy in tanks- it is has up-gunned Shermans and Leopard series tanks.

Peru's air force is deemed the most technologically advanced in terms of size and quality- Mirage 2000's and Mig 29's.
It army is still dominated by Soviet/ Russian equoment- its MBT is the T-55-62 series and are rumored to be in negotiations to purchase enhanced T-72/80's from Poland.

It navy may also still have the largest amount of submarines on the continent.

Argentina for abotu the past decade has seen its capabilities degrade as the economic situation has taken its toll. Its airforce is a mere showdow of its 1980-early 90's self and its army ahs suffered from lack of training and spare parts for its vehicles.

Colombia has not purchased conventional equipment in great quantities since the 1970's due to its security concentration on counter-insurgency. Although its has been looking for F-16's recently ou of concern for Chavez' occasional threats to "send some Sukhois" over Colombian airspace.

When comparing capabilities, it is important for observers to recognize the most Latin American militaries have a primary mission of guaranteeing domestic stability. While national tensions exist, most of the armed forces on the continent only have sufficient logistical and munitions capability for only few days of intense combat. They often, with the excpetion of Brazil and Chile, seek to purchase the latest in technology possible and are usually never able to develop a logisitcal capacity to support these technologies, usually due to the expense invovled.
 
 
Isn't Brazil's military a bit weak compared to their gdp?
 
 
the greatest military power in South America today is Brazil.

Brazil has one aircraft carrier and an air force very good that is being updated with new attack aircraft, and with a good navy ships and submarines, as Brazil has a huge effective, far greater than those of other Latin American south. President Lula is doing Grnade investment for the military to stay in Brazil at the world level
 
 
Oh my, the kitties... plus what's this thread doing in this sub-forum?
 
 
