 
 
Illegal Entry From Mexico to U.S. Soaring
 
 
 http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/printer/ap.asp?category=1102&slug=Mexico%20Rush%20to%20America 

By OLGA R. RODRIGUEZ
ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER

SASABE, Mexico -- After a four-year decline, illegal immigration from Mexico is spiking as several thousand migrants a day rush across the border in hopes of getting work visas under a program President Bush proposed. Many also are trying to beat tighter security to come in June.

The U.S. border patrol told The Associated Press that detentions - which it uses to judge illegal migration rates - jumped 25 percent to 535,000 in the six months ending March 31 compared to a year ago.

Near Sasabe, a town bordering the Arizona desert that's the busiest illegal border crossing area, an average 2,000 people arrive daily.

On a recent day, at a break in a barbed-wire fence outside Sasabe, about 300 migrants scrambled out of 10 trucks and four vans within 30 minutes with their smugglers, who led crowds along a worn trail. As the sun set, they disappeared into rolling hills that hide the treacherous desert.

Raudel Sanchez, a 22-year-old farm worker, said he wanted to get back to his job at a Minnesota ranch.

Sanchez crossed into the United States through Sasabe three years ago, but says the journey is getting more difficult. He walked three days in the desert and was out of water when he was caught in Arizona and deported.

Undeterred, he said he planned to take a bus to Altar, a northern city about 70 miles from the border where migrants hire smugglers. From there, he planned to head back to Sasabe and cross again.

"It's already very hard to cross, but it's going to be even harder," he said in Nogales. "I need to try again, at least one more time, and if I fail, I'll go back home."

Many migrants are betting on the approval of Bush's migration proposal, which faces an uphill battle in Congress. About 75 percent of those arrested are Mexican, while the rest are from Central America and other places, U.S. customs officials said.

In January, Bush proposed a guest-worker plan that would give legal status to undocumented migrants already working in the United States and to those outside the country who can prove they have been offered a job.

Because it's hard to get a job offer while in Mexico, many are heading north now, hoping to get settled before a program is in place.

Mexicans living in the United States have criticized Bush's proposal. Many say they wouldn't apply, fearing it could be a trap to deport them.

But in Mexico, the program has given many migrants hope that they might be able to seek something better north of the border, and that is enough to convince some to cross now rather than later.

"I want to try and make it to the United States to find out more about the permits because I've heard that with a job it will be easier to get" a visa, said Jaime Ulloa, speaking in Nogales after being deported for a third time. He is trying to get to Florida, where a U.S. farmer has promised him a job picking vegetables.

Mark Krikorian, executive director for the Center for Immigration Studies, a group that favors stricter immigration policies, said the rise in illegal migration also shot up in 1986 when an amnesty was announced.

"Illegal aliens will respond to the messages the government sends," Krikorian said. "When we send the message that we are thinking about amnesty, they decide it may be worth it to try to cross."

Illegal migration had been declining along the U.S.-Mexico border since 2000. U.S. border patrol figures show detentions dropped from 1.6 million in 2000 to 905,000 in the fiscal year that ended last Sept. 30.

There is no exact data on the number of people crossing illegally. But in an indication of increased traffic, 535,000 illegal migrants were arrested along the U.S.-Mexico border from Oct. 1 to March 31, said Gloria Chavez of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Bureau.

In the same period, the border patrol's Tucson sector detained 70,000 more people, an increase of 49 percent.

U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Robert Bonner attributes part of the jump to increased security. "The main reason we're seeing an increase in apprehensions is because the border patrol is more effective, particularly in the Tucson sector," he said.

But Mexican officials are also seeing an increase. Grupo Beta, a Mexican government-sponsored group that tries to discourage migrants from crossing and aids those stranded in the desert, said 56,000 migrants went through Sasabe in March compared to 41,000 in March 2003.

In Altar, a farming town that has become the gathering point for those heading to Arizona, street vendors sell backpacks, water jugs and salt pills by the thousands.

The modest homes around the plaza, crowded with triple-decker bunk beds, serve as makeshift motels for migrants. They're almost always at capacity, said Francisco Garcia, a former mayor who now volunteers at the town's only migrant shelter.

"We're a town with a population of 6,000, and there have been weeks when we have twice as many people," Garcia said.

Under new security measures, about 300 more U.S. border agents will be deployed by June 1 along the Mexico-Arizona border. The number of border agents assigned to the Tucson sector will eventually increase from 1,800 to 2,500, Bonner said.

Many of the additional agents already have been sent to the Tohono O'odham Indian reservation, an area west of Sasabe where illegal migrant traffic has ballooned, said border patrol spokesman Charles Griffin.

The heightened border security is driving more migrants to more treacherous desert routes between Sonoyta and San Luis Rio Colorado in western Arizona, said Enrique Enriquez, an agent with Mexico's Grupo Beta.

Grupo Beta plans to assign rescuers to Sonoyta in May, Enriquez said. Every year, hundreds of migrants die in the desert, where temperatures soar above 100 degrees in summer.
 
 
Gosh. Real, live, Mexicans here in the USA. Lordy me! What are we a-gonna do?
 
 
How about enforce immigration laws for one? Of course, Bush wouldn't dream of cracking down on illegal immigration in an election year. In fact, he wants to go ya' one better and reward 8 million undocumented Mexican lawbreakers with American citizenship.
 
 
How about letting people live?
 
 
 
How about letting people live?
 

What's wrong with letting them live in Mexico?
 
 
What's wrong with letting you live in Mexico?
 
 
What people don't want to admit is the truth behind the Mexican government's (heavily run by globalists) effort to ship their "undesirables" to Norte America.

Mexican nationals who are college educated professionals don't cross the border into the USA -- they remain in their own country, where they work, raise a family and contribute.

The Mexicans who cross into the USA (with the generous financial assistance from the Vicente Fox government to the coyotes) are uneducated laborers and criminals.

While this may leave a bitter taste on the tongues of the phoney multi-cultural crowd and those who hope to mine a few votes for Bush come November, it doesn't make it not true.
 
 
 
What people don't want to admit is the truth behind the Mexican government's (heavily run by globalists) effort to ship their "undesirables" to Norte America.

Mexican nationals who are college educated professionals don't cross the border into the USA -- they remain in their own country, where they work, raise a family and contribute.

The Mexicans who cross into the USA (with the generous financial assistance from the Vicente Fox government to the coyotes) are uneducated laborers and criminals.

While this may leave a bitter taste on the tongues of the phoney multi-cultural crowd and those who hope to mine a few votes for Bush come November, it doesn't make it not true.
 

where did you come up with this?
 
 
I have lived the bulk of my life around illegal aliens from Mexico. By and large they are some very good people.
 
 
 
I have lived the bulk of my life around illegal aliens from Mexico. By and large they are some very good people.
 

Thank You! - Very True!
 
 
 
What people don't want to admit is the truth behind the Mexican government's (heavily run by globalists) effort to ship their "undesirables" to Norte America.
 

Crap.
What do you mean by "undesirables"? Are you implying, in any sense, that migrants to the US are government picked because of some negative trait?
In what paranoid world do you live in?
Promoting migration? Why does Grupo Beta exist, then?

 
Mexican nationals who are college educated professionals don't cross the border into the USA -- they remain in their own country, where they work, raise a family and contribute.

 

Crap.
Unemployment among college graduates in Mexico is higher than among people with less education (partly because Mexican college graduates aren't willing to get thje low paying jobs available).
The cross the border into the USA by the thousands. The only difference is that they make it legally.
My former sister in law, an accountant, lives and works in Houston.
Her husband, a mathematician, lives and works in Houston.
My former brother in law, an engineer, lives and works in Houston.
His ex-wife, a lawyer, lives and works in Chicago.
My brother, a pilot, lives and works in Wichita (eeeek).
They all studied in Mexico, with money from Mexican taxpayers.
(And the daughter of my former brother in law, born in Mexico, and who lived here up to Grade School now serves in the US Air Force).

 
The Mexicans who cross into the USA (with the generous financial assistance from the Vicente Fox government to the coyotes) are uneducated laborers and criminals.
 

Racist crap.
Where's the freaking financial assistance?

 
While this may leave a bitter taste on the tongues of the phoney multi-cultural crowd and those who hope to mine a few votes for Bush come November, it doesn't make it not true.
 

You really sound like those lunatic followers of LaRouche.
 
 
 
While this may leave a bitter taste on the tongues of the phoney multi-cultural crowd and those who hope to mine a few votes for Bush come November, it doesn't make it not true.
 

Oh, the bitter taste doesn't make it untrue. The fact that it's pure unmitigated bullshit does.

You will be unable to support the racist drek you spew as it is founded on fundamental falsehood.
 
 
I don't mind humanity so much, it's people I can't stand.
 
 
infowarrior- It looks like you've lite a fuse under the multicultural crowd and they're throwing rocks at you now! Duck and cover!  

I, for one, am glad to see you tell the truth. All the regulars here who are anti-Bush are the very ones criticizing you. But they can't have it both ways.

How can they be anti-Bush when it's none other than Bush himself who is throwing the borders wide open and about to give American citizenship to 8 to 12 million lawbreaking undocumented Mexicans to buy votes? They should be working for his reelection campaign.

Having grown up in a border state and living today just 160 miles from the Mexican border, I have seen firsthand many of the things you mention in your post.

Nowhere did infowarrior say that he thinks the undocumented are "undesirables," but that Vicente Fox's government thinks they're undesirables -- learn to read.

Haven't any of you multicultural folks ever wondered how an uneducated Mexican peasant is able to get his hands on the $15,000 average fee a coyote charges to get him to the border? Vans filled with as many as 20 Mexican peasants arrive at the US/Mexican border every day. Do the math folks, that's $300,000 per vanload. An incomprehensible amount in the world of Mexican peasants.

There have been article after article in the LA Times and the San Diego Union about this topic, and the conclusion is always the same: the Mexican government is footing the bill.
 
 
I would like those in this country to be here legally. I would like for us to make it unattractive for people to be here illegally. Our porous borders do put us at higher risk for dangerous people to slip into the country and for that reason, given the current state of affairs, that is sufficient reason to do better to know who is here.

But having said that, the Mexican Nationals who are living and working legally and illegally in our area are mostly hard working, polite, and intelligent people that are fun to be around. They ask for little and they contribute much.
 
 
Tejas, California, New Mexico, Colorado, and Arizona is their country.

Mexicans are after all native Americans and were tribal communities until the Spanish, English, Dutch, decimated their culture.

In addition there were no illegal aliens from Mexico until the Congress changed the law re temporary workers in 1070.
 
 
 
infowarrior- It looks like you've lite a fuse under the multicultural crowd and they're throwing rocks at you now! Duck and cover!  

I, for one, am glad to see you tell the truth. All the regulars here who are anti-Bush are the very ones criticizing you. But they can't have it both ways.

How can they be anti-Bush when it's none other than Bush himself who is throwing the borders wide open and about to give American citizenship to 8 to 12 million lawbreaking undocumented Mexicans to buy votes? They should be working for his reelection campaign.

Having grown up in a border state and living today just 160 miles from the Mexican border, I have seen firsthand many of the things you mention in your post.

Nowhere did infowarrior say that he thinks the undocumented are "undesirables," but that Vicente Fox's government thinks they're undesirables -- learn to read.

Haven't any of you multicultural folks ever wondered how an uneducated Mexican peasant is able to get his hands on the $15,000 average fee a coyote charges to get him to the border? Vans filled with as many as 20 Mexican peasants arrive at the US/Mexican border every day. Do the math folks, that's $300,000 per vanload. An incomprehensible amount in the world of Mexican peasants.

There have been article after article in the LA Times and the San Diego Union about this topic, and the conclusion is always the same: the Mexican government is footing the bill.
 

wow! I'm speechless of your ignorance of the culture and people.
 
 
Well, they lost that war and have no "right-to-return", so it is not their country.
 
 
 
Tejas, California, New Mexico, Colorado, and Arizona is their country.

Mexicans are after all native Americans and were tribal communities until the Spanish, English, Dutch, decimated their culture.

In addition there were no illegal aliens from Mexico until the Congress changed the law re temporary workers in 1070.
 

Thank You!
 
 
 
Well, they lost that war and have no "right-to-return", so it is not their country.
 

Tell that to the native americans.
 
 
Every time I visit their casino, I make it a point. I walk right up to the biggest, meanest SOB that works there and I say "How! We kicked your butt once and we can do it again." then I prceed to give them my allocated amount of money and I leave.

I swear I hear them snickering every time...
 
 
I just have difficulty understanding the duplicit nature of the conservative body politic.

On the one hand, they universally backed the effort to impeach President Clinton for lying under oath about an affair -- the law is the law, they would say, and no one is above the law!

Yet, they support their leader, George Bush's scheme to reward American citizenship to millions of undocumented Mexicans in living in this country who have snubbed their noses at our immigration laws and entered the country illegally.
 
 
Columbus-
 
I claim this land
 

Cortes-
 
I claim this stinkin' desert
 

Bush
 
I claim the vote
 
as Crazy Horse (or someone like him) said
 
Custer died for your sins.
 

mestizos are dying daily for the sins of manipluative politics. Get a grip folks, there is no national borders for humanity, we all suffer equally under different conditions.
 
 
 
I, for one, am glad to see you tell the truth.
 

It's not the truth.

 
All the regulars here who are anti-Bush are the very ones criticizing you. But they can't have it both ways.
 

Yes they can. We can reject both the majority of Bush's policies as well as your ignorant and racist drivel.

 
Having grown up in a border state and living today just 160 miles from the Mexican border, I have seen firsthand many of the things you mention in your post.
 

Indeed, you seem to have experience in spewing racist falsehood.

 
Nowhere did infowarrior say that he thinks the undocumented are "undesirables," but that Vicente Fox's government thinks they're undesirables -- learn to read.
 

Learn to read yourself. None of what he posted was true.

 
Haven't any of you multicultural folks ever wondered how an uneducated Mexican peasant is able to get his hands on the $15,000 average fee a coyote charges to get him to the border?
 

Your stat is a bald lie.

 
Vans filled with as many as 20 Mexican peasants arrive at the US/Mexican border every day. Do the math folks, that's $300,000 per vanload.
 

Adding up false statistics that you can't support means nothing but that you have no qualms with making time to exhibit ignorance publically.

 
There have been article after article in the LA Times and the San Diego Union about this topic, and the conclusion is always the same: the Mexican government is footing the bill.
 

Bullshit. If there is so much evidence then bring it. This is one of the most laughable lies I have seen in recent times.
 
 
 
I just have difficulty understanding the duplicit nature of the conservative body politic.

On the one hand, they universally backed the effort to impeach President Clinton for lying under oath about an affair -- the law is the law, they would say, and no one is above the law!

Yet, they support their leader, George Bush's scheme to reward American citizenship to millions of undocumented Mexicans in living in this country who have snubbed their noses at our immigration laws and entered the country illegally.
 

Well Dee, I think we found some common ground. I too think Bush is making a mistake in this. I have no problem with legal immigration. But why this idea that we should reward people for breaking the law. I hate the thought of doing that. The only plus to granting amnesty to illegals is to get the money now being paid to them under the table, paid to them above the table so our fine government has more money that you liberals can spend. :wink:

Oh, one other point I will grant you. This does smack as trying to "buy" the votes of the legal mexican voters. And as I said in another topic, I disagree with any presidential action which seems steered toward his own personal gain (in this case, his re-election).

But I don't think a majority of the illegals are "undesirables" or "criminals" as you put it.
 
 
hi Coastal Rat- I think legal immigration is peachy. But what Bush wants to do is make the Mexicans illegally living in the USA a sort of protected class and move them ahead of all the other foreign nationals living here and waiting their turn and going about the process legally.

That's not fair.

Maybe Bush is drawing on his own experiences in the Texas National Guard when he inexplicably was moved from 500th in his flight class to 1st in his flight class, ahead of young men far more qualified then he? :wink:
 
 
 
hi Coastal Rat- I think legal immigration is peachy. But what Bush wants to do is make the Mexicans illegally living in the USA a sort of protected class and move them ahead of all the other foreign nationals living here and waiting their turn and going about the process legally.

That's not fair.

Maybe Bush is drawing on his own experiences in the Texas National Guard when he inexplicably was moved from 500th in his flight class to 1st in his flight class, ahead of young men far more qualified then he? :wink:
 

You misunderstood my post Dee. I am actually agreeing with you that I think Bush is wrong to do what he is doing.
 
 
Are you sure they are being granted citizenship Deecups? My understanding is they would be issued work permits with the possibility of at some time in the future (years) having opportunity to apply for citizenship.

Actually it was the Democrats this time who most supported the President though some accuse him of wanting the workers and the Latino vote but because the work permits were temporary, he didn't want THEM. A number of Republicans think the illegals should be sent home to get in line to apply for legal work permits. I personally favored that view and thought the President was putting the cart before the horse here.

There is no way however, that I see Mexican nationals as any kind of underclass or undesirables. And I have no problem with people who have been peacefully living and working here for years being issued a work permit.
 
 
hi Coastal Rat- That's what I thought. I was just expressing a point of view. Sometimes I can go stream of conscience, typing away and it's not always clear. Like I said a few days ago, I'm no expert on politics, but I am interested in learning as I go.

You seem like such a nice man.
 
 
 
Are you sure they are being granted citizenship Deecups? My understanding is they would be issued work permits with the possibility of at some time in the future (years) having opportunity to apply for citizenship.
 

Your understanding is correct and Deecups is incorrect. In fact, many Mexicans view it as a measure to help deny citizenship because the notmalization of the workers will better enable law enforecement to track them.
 
 
Why, oh why, would Bush be granting work permits to undocumented Mexican nationals living illegally in the USA when we have 12 miilion American citizens unemployed and another 8 million underemployed?

Sorry, but Deecups doesn't agree.
 
 
A few facts, not factoids:

1. Most Illegal immigrants from Mexico are not peasants, but people from urban areas. The average schooling is 9 years.

2. Coyotes don't charge those sums, and people scrimp and save to gather them. (of course, the accusation of a government financing the human traffickers it combats is ridiculous)

3. Illegal immigration from Mexico to the US boomed since 1965; we're talking 4 decades now, well before multiculturalism was even a word.

4. The Bush proposal is obviously, a wink for Latino voters. But, beyond its' electoral intentions, it adresses correctly both the economic and the security issues in the US.

5. The choice Americans have is not between migration and no-migration; the US economy needs migrants and no desert or border patrol is going to stop them from arriving there.
The choice is between legalized or illegal migration.
What do you prefer, 8 million illegal immigrants, of which you do not have data, do not know where they live or what they do, or 8 million legal immigrants, who are there for a definite period of time, must go back to their home countries and can be tracked all the time?
You can, of course, deny this reality, and press for more money and technology to the border patrol. All you will get is that more migrants will die, and more illegal alien will not leave your country, on the fear that it will be harder for them to come back.
 
 
I usually don't qoute townhall, but it's an interesting piece. The multiculturalists had better stop here.
_______________________________________________________________________

Phyllis Schlafly, townhall.com, Apr. 26

The television news brings us daily graphic reports from Iraq, where valiant Americans are battling danger, death and destruction. So why don't we get coverage about similar dramatic and scary confrontations taking place on the U.S. border?

The compelling truth about the danger and devastation on the U.S. southern border is crying out to be told. Americans need to hear from the likes of Erin Anderson, whose family homesteaded in Cochise County on the Arizona-Mexico border in the late 1880s.

Anderson says these American pioneers can't live on their own property anymore because it is too dangerous. They can't ranch it. They can't sell it.

It is unsafe to go on their own property without a gun, a cell phone and a two-way radio. Their land has been stolen from them by illegal aliens while public officials turn a blind eye.

Cochise County is a major smuggling route for illegal aliens and drugs, where every night thousands cross into Arizona from the northern Mexico state of Sonora. The Border Patrol admits to apprehending one out of five illegals, but many think it's more like one in 10.

The number of illegal aliens apprehended on the southern U.S. border jumped 25 percent in the first three months of 2004 compared to same period in 2003. In Tucson, the increase was 51 percent; in Yuma, it was 60 percent.

The news of President Bush's amnesty proposal spread like wildfire as far south as Brazil. After Border Patrol agents reported that undocumented aliens caught crossing into the United States said the amnesty proposal had prompted them to come, U.S. agents were told not to ask the question anymore.

Anderson says that U.S. landowners watch in horror as their lands, water troughs and tanks and animals are destroyed. The daily trampling of thousands of feet has beaten the ground into a hard pavement on which no grass for cattle will grow.

Places that illegal border crossers use as layover sites, where they rest or wait for the next ride, are littered with mountains of plastic bags, disposable diapers, human waste and litter of all kinds. When indigenous wildlife and cattle eat the plastic and refuse, they die. Consequently, the local residents try to clean up the sites as often as they can.

The large number of discarded medicine wrappers indicates the prevalence of disease among the illegals. It is estimated that 10 percent of all illegals are carriers of Chagas disease, a potentially fatal condition that is widespread in Central America.

Sometimes, the local U.S. citizens who clean up the sites pick up pocket trash: scraps of paper with the name and telephone number of the illegal alien's destination in the United States. This indicates that these border crossings are a well-organized migration.

Other suspicious items picked up by local residents include Muslim prayer rugs and notebooks written in both Arabic and Spanish. These items come from a subcategory called Special Interest Aliens, who are illegals coming from terrorist-sponsoring countries.

The increased crime rate is frightening. Arizona has the highest rate of car theft in the nation, and residents risk home invasion and personal attacks.

The increase in violence is intimidating to U.S. residents. They are afraid to speak out because someone takes note of who they are and where they live, and gives that information to smuggling cartels in Mexico.

People-smuggling by men known as coyotes has piggybacked on the already well-established drug-smuggling networks and infrastructure. It has become the third largest source of income for organized crime. Drug smuggling and human smuggling are now interchangeable.

Smuggling has become a recognized industry in Mexico. The smuggling route is mechanized. Some northern Mexican villages have become known as smuggling-industry towns.

Illegal border crossers fly or take a bus from anywhere in Mexico or Central America to an industry town like Altar in Sonora. They are driven to the Arizona border, walk a few miles across the border, and then are picked up by shuttle buses that take them north to Tucson or Phoenix.

Shuttle buses are common carriers because they are not required to ask for citizenship identification as are the airlines. Often, the coyotes take their passengers to stash houses in Phoenix and then hold them for ransom even though they have already paid their smuggling fee.

People smuggling is so lucrative and pervasive that it is corrupting some U.S. high school students. Teenagers can make thousands of dollars a week by picking up illegal aliens on the road and driving them to the Phoenix airport.

When is the Bush administration going to put troops on our southern border to stop these crimes, and when are the media going to interview Anderson and other Arizonans so the American people can know what is really going on?

2004 Copley News Service
 
 
 
 
We take seriously the comments re Mexicans and Mexican immigration/migration of a woman who believes this?:

 
Many years ago Christian pioneers had to fight savage Indians. Today missionaries of these former cultures are being sent via the public schools to heathenize our children. -- Phyllis Schlafly
 

Edited to add note: Paul Daughtery, however, is a more credible source and some of the points he raises in his article are worthy of debate.
 
 
Deecups36,

Instead of supporting the lies you posted you decide isntead to copy and paste articles?

 
 
 
 
My brother, a pilot, lives and works in Wichita (eeeek).
 

heeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheehee...

eeeeek is right ! ! !

okbye
 
 
I asked the mexican college graduate who is the day manager at the McDonald's if this were all true. She was too busy, though, so i went over to the gas station, where the mexican college graduate who manages that place said he wasn't sure, but i could ask the guy at Krogers. So i went to Krogers and spoke to the mexican college graduate who is the general manager there, but he couldn't enlighten me--he said its been more than 20 years since he came here, and he's an American citizen now, anyway.

So i asked the cute little girl at the Taco Hell drive up window, but she just giggled and asked me (in faultless idiomatic American, i might add) if i wanted any sauce with my tacos.

Here in Ohio, i'd say most folks don't give a tinker's damn.
 
 
Goda'might, this thread is great entertainment...

heeheeheeheeheeheeheeheehee...

Now we've got a cut-and-paste from Phyllis "ERA over my dead body" Schlafly?

Oh no, i think i just laughed so hard i peed my pants...

okseeyahbye
 
 
But foxfyre, are you not among the legions who frequent the writers of columns found on Townhall.com? I have seen you post links from Townhall.com on this very forum.

Have you had a sudden epiphany back to reasonableness?
 
 
Infowarrior, the website where an article is posted is of less interest to me than the substance of the article and the reputation of the writer. The exception to this rule is that I generally decline when sent to a blatantly partisan website, either right or left, to get 'proof' for another member's opinion.

So I suppose the answer is yes. If a search sends me to a location for specific information, and the information and a credible source is there, I try not to be prejudiced about the website where it is posted whether if it happens to be on a pinko commie raging flaming liberal site or if it is on a redneck, tunnel visioned, fundamentalist, hardnosed conservative site.

That's one of the reasons that the Drudge Report is on my surfing route. I have strong reservations about his ethics and accuracy, but it is an excellent site to find out what is likely to be in tomorrow's news and he has links to a lot of sources that are credible.

Same with Townhall. Some links there get you to some of the best America has. And then there are some really questionable ones too. The trick is to be able to discern.
 
 
heeeheeheeheehe (I'm with you Setanta.)

The Mexican terrorists got me going......

Heck they've even got "prayer rugs!" Horrors!

(I guess this shows that bigotry is interchangable.)
 
 
Gee. Schlafly discovered our evil scheme.
You didn't know it. We ain't Catholics. We are Muslims!
This is the typical Mexican Muslim Prayer Rug

 

Allah akhbar!
 
 
Seems every two or three weeks one of these anti immigration threads gets going. I'm fed up with them.
 
 
I think it is a debate we have to have though Edgar. The one place Deecups is right is that America's resources are not infinite. There isn't any noticeable exodus of Americans going elsewhere, but millions and millions of people around the world want to come here.

With social services, health care, and education systems already strained to the breaking point in many areas, a reasonable and sensible immigration policy will be increasingly essential not only for the people already here but for those who will be coming.
 
 
I'll agree with any enforcement of immigration laws that doesn't discriminate.
 
 
It would be fine to debate it, but the racism and lies always spoil it.
 
 
 
I think it is a debate we have to have though Edgar. The one place Deecups is right is that America's resources are not infinite. There isn't any noticeable exodus of Americans going elsewhere, but millions and millions of people around the world want to come here.

With social services, health care, and education systems already strained to the breaking point in many areas, a reasonable and sensible immigration policy will be increasingly essential not only for the people already here but for those who will be coming.
 

Immigration is not an isolated issue. It is connected to many other issues including foreign policy and business interests. For example, it is ironic that the same people who scream about jobs leaving the country want to keep workers from coming here. Kind of puts both workers and businesses in a bind doesn't it.

For me the main issue is one of human decency. We are a nation of immigrants. I have relatives who immigrated over 500 year ago (my aunt says credibly that we had anscestors on the Mayflower) as well as first generation Mexicans (who ironically had anscestors here for more than 8,000 years).

But also it comes to our Judeo-Christian heritage. The Bible is not all about hate-- it speaks of love too. It says to take care of the alien and the stranger as well as to love your neighbor.

It seems like those who want to proclaim the Christian foundations of our nation should be the first to support immigrants.
 
 
Great fb, you bring the prayer blanket I will bring the picnic.

 
 
 
 
 
Are you sure they are being granted citizenship Deecups? My understanding is they would be issued work permits with the possibility of at some time in the future (years) having opportunity to apply for citizenship.
 

Your understanding is correct and Deecups is incorrect. In fact, many Mexicans view it as a measure to help deny citizenship because the notmalization of the workers will better enable law enforecement to track them.
 

This is true, and something that seems to be widely unknown. And I believe it's the reason the Bush plan will be a good one. If they photograph and fingerprint everyone who comes across the border, and absolutely shut down the border everywhere but the ports of entry, then we will know who's coming into our country. And when their time is up, we can go looking for them. There won't be any charges of racial profiling if the police have the person's picture and fingerprint to identify him. It's not an amnesty program.

Phyllis Schlafly is correct in many of the statements she makes. The people living on ranches at the Arizona border have some horrible problems, and they have found notebooks with Arabic writing in them. Our Arizona car theft rate is indeed the highest in the country. And they have found several houses in Phoenix full of illegals. One of the houses was discovered because two rival coyotes were having a gun battle over the illegals inside, and some of the illegals ran next door asking for help.

Hundreds of illegals die in the Arizona desert heat every year, trying to make it to civilization. The coyotes take them into the desert, point out a direction, and then go back to Mexico. Several misguided individuals have provided watering stations in the Arizona desert, which probably encourages more illegals to try to cross.

The coyotes themselves must be horrible people. They compete with each other to make more money from the illegals. When they get to Phoenix, illegals are often held until they can come up with additional money. If they can't pay, their hands are tied behind them with whatever is close at hand, they are put into a car, and driven to the desert. Once there, they are taken out of the car, walked to the side of the road, and shot in the back of the head. The Sheriff's Office found 8 of them in a desert area west of Phoenix, and a couple more in a different desert area after they started keeping an eye on the first area. And there was an instance where a (suspected) coyote fired shots at a large van containing an American family driving down the freeway south of Phoenix. It was thought that the coyote believed the van was a rival coyote smuggling immigrants.

Several years ago, a carload of illegals ambushed a Phonix Police officer and shot him dead. The only reason they didn't escape was that a heroic security guard happened by and emptied his pistol into the car. He didn't hit any of them, but they ran from the car and were captured later. There are many other instances of illegal aliens and crime, but that's the one that tops my list.

The new I.C.E. (used to be INS) has a huge operation going on the Arizona-Mexico border right now, continuing until the end of the year. They're supposed to have the border pretty well shut down, I guess. There are things they can do that the local police can't, so when the agencies cooperate they realize a huge benefit. One example of that is that if a policeman stops a suspected (or confirmed) illegal alien here, usually there's nothing he can do, because he's prohibited from enforcing federal laws, and there usually aren't enough Border Patrol agents around to take them into custody. But with I.C.E. showing a huge presence here, now there's someone to turn them over to.

My personal opinion is that we need a Great Wall of Arizona all along the Mexican border. It needs to be patrolled regularly and it must allow absolutely no one to cross. We can't keep letting people die while trying to cross our desert. And we can't keep allowing them to be killed by coyotes when they can't pay the ransom. And we can't take the chance of letting Al Qaeda operatives into our country. So it would be first a humanitarian measure, and second a security measure.

And that's the story from Arizona, one of the battle fronts in the war on illegal immigration.
 
 
The Berlin Wall ought to be example enough to show how well walls work. They had to resort to gunfire to keep the people contained. We don't need no stinking walls. People got to be free.
 
 
Why does everything need to be turned into a war with these people?
 
 
 
I'll agree with any enforcement of immigration laws that doesn't discriminate.
 

Works for me: send ALL the illegal aliens packing.
 
 
Jar, We must also be "realistic." That's never gonna happen - during our life time.
 
 
I may be mistaken; if all illegals are given cows......
 
 
The last time I was in the boonies in San Diego County all I could see was la migra in their green and white Explorers. They even have head ons ther are so many of them out there.

And the last time I was in the Valley all I could see were Mexican/illegals working their butts off to put food on our tables.

Even in San Francisco, Chinese New Year 1998 after the festivities who was there to do the tear down. You know who. So why can we not just let these folks come and go just like the Canadians, force the employers to pay their FICA, etc?
 
 
Oh, no, Joanne; that would be too easy and reasonable.
 
 
Well, then what's the purpose of having any immigration laws at all?

Let's just erase all the borders and live as one big happy familia.
 
 
Now you got it, info.
 
 
Edgar, The Berlin Wall didn't work; many escaped to the west by very creative ways as shown at the Checkpoint Charley Museum in Berlin by train and cars. Many were also escaping by going south through Poland and the Czech Republic. The wall was only good for some people, and many in the US thought it was impossible to escape - but many did.
 
 
My point exactly, CI.
 
 
As we all know, some prisoners escape from prison where they have huge walls and barbed wires, with guards and guns.  
 
 
But buyer beware; if you buy a cow in Canada.......
 
 
Or in Toon Town...
 
 
If they photograph and fingerprint everyone who comes across the border, and absolutely shut down the border everywhere but the ports of entry, then we will know who's coming into our country.

I guess you missed it, but under orders from George Bush, Mexicans ebtering the USA are exempt from fingerprinting -- much to the delight of President Fox and La Raza.

The Bush plan is a good one? Whatever!
 
 
I can't believe I'm on the same side as Infowarrior on this one but politics does indeed make strange bedfellows.

While I am all for the Mexican Nationals to be able to come here to work, I do think we should have the ability to know who is here and where they are.
 
 
Gosh foxfyre, wouldn't it suit you better to remain on your side of the aisle and just give Bush another pass?  
 
 
Well, at least thanks for not making a crack about the bedfellows thing.  
 
 
 
If they photograph and fingerprint everyone who comes across the border, and absolutely shut down the border everywhere but the ports of entry, then we will know who's coming into our country.

I guess you missed it, but under orders from George Bush, Mexicans ebtering the USA are exempt from fingerprinting -- much to the delight of President Fox and La Raza.
 

Do you know whether you are talking about visitors or immigrants? I strongly suspect that you do not.

And why are you making it a race issue?
 
 
craven:

I am referring to visitors. However, in the post 9/11 age, I say anyone entering the USA should be subjected to fingerprinting, including undocumented workers from Mexico.

Is that clear enough for you?

And it is you, not me, who is trying to play the race card here, and rather badly, I might add.

Next?
 
 
 
I am referring to visitors.
 

That's what I thought. In this case it has nothing to do with Bush's immigration proposals.

 
However, in the post 9/11 age, I say anyone entering the USA should be subjected to fingerprinting, including undocumented workers from Mexico.

Is that clear enough for you?
 

Yes, it is clear, thought I disagree with it (although fingerprinting isn't one of my hot buttons).

 
And it is you, not me, who is trying to play the race card here, and rather badly, I might add.

 

This is not true. You introduced the ethnic term "the race" here. Let me ask you a direct question, do you have a problem with Mexicans?
 
 
Craven I don't think its a race issue. It's a homeland security issue. Realistically in a place like El Paso TX and Juarez Mexico where Americans and Mexicans are continually crossing the bridge to shop or work or whatever, fingerprinting everybody every time would be unreasonable. But it looks like a one time deal with ID card or whatever would not be unreasonable.

I found this on Visalaw.com:

The INS has taken the surprising step of dramatically changing the fingerprinting policy overhaul only issued a few months ago. As of March 29, 1998, ALL applicants for immigration must be fingerprinted by the INS or an INS-designated facility after they have filed their applications. This is the same as the new requirement imposed on naturalization applicants. When the INS overhauled its fingerprint rules last autumn, it allowed green card applicants to be fingerprinted by designated Law Enforcement Agencies ("LEAs"). Now the LEAs will have no role in fingerprinting. Whether any LEAs will join the private Designated Fingerprint Service providers in a class action lawsuit against the INS remains to be seen.
Applicants should now be filed without fingerprints even if the applicant has had fingerprints taken by an LEA. Instead, applicants will be notified when to appear at one of the 100 INS Application Support Centers ("ASCs") or the INS mobile units. The INS has now opened 40 ASCs. Applicants will be scheduled for fingerprinting in the order they file their I-485 adjustment of status applications and will be given the opportunity to appear during any work hour in a specific week. The INS claims that it will take no longer than 90 days to be scheduled for fingerprinting. If a person does not get fingerprinted during the designated week, they can show up on any Wednesday and be fingerprinted on a first-come, first-served basis. But if the applicant waits more than 84 days, the application may be denied. Also, the INS claims it will attempt to have all family members scheduled for the same time.
http
 
 
 
Craven I don't think its a race issue.
 

I don't think the issue is inherently one of race. But for many immigration is, in fact, about race. There are few issues more directly connected to racism than immigration. In infowarrior's case I think it is race-related. His verbiage implies it (e.g. "the race will be happy" paraphrased).

As to whatever it is you pasted, I didn't read it and apologize I'm trying to get a few things done and hit the door.
 
 
 
I guess you missed it, but under orders from George Bush, Mexicans ebtering the USA are exempt from fingerprinting -- much to the delight of President Fox and La Raza.
 

Yes, I missed it. Not the first time, either. Here's more information:

 
Fair and Secure Immigration Reform

On January 7, 2004 President Bush proposed a new temporary worker program to match willing foreign workers with willing U.S. employers when no Americans can be found to fill the jobs. The program would be open to new foreign workers, and to the undocumented men and women currently employed in the U.S. This new program would allow workers who currently hold jobs to come out of hiding and participate legally in America's economy while not encouraging further illegal behavior.

President Bush also asked Congress to work with him to achieve significant immigration reform that protects the homeland by controlling the borders; serves America's economy by matching a willing worker with a willing employer; promotes compassion for unprotected workers; provides incentives for temporary workers to return to their home countries and families; protects the rights of legal immigrants while not unfairly rewarding those who came here unlawfully or hope to do so. This legislation must also meet the Nation's economic needs and live up to the promise and values of America.

Background on Presidential Action

America is a welcoming nation, and the hard work and strength of our immigrants have made our Nation prosperous. Many immigrants and sons and daughters of immigrants have joined the military to help safeguard the liberty of America. Illegal immigration, however, creates an underclass of workers, afraid and vulnerable to exploitation. Current immigration law can also hinder companies from finding willing workers. The visas now available do not allow employers to fill jobs in many key sectors of our economy. Workers risk their lives in dangerous and illegal border crossings and are consigned to live their lives in the shadows. Without harming the economic security of Americans, reform of our Nation's immigration laws will create a system that is fairer, more consistent, and more compassionate.
 

 Link 

 
Principles of Immigration Reform -- The President's proposal is based on several basic principles:

- Protecting the Homeland by Controlling Our Borders: The program should link to efforts to control our border through agreements with countries whose nationals participate in the program. It must support ongoing efforts to enhance homeland security.
- Serve America's Economy by Matching a Willing Worker with a Willing Employer: When no American worker is available and willing to take a job, the program should provide a labor supply for American employers. It should do so in a way that is clear, streamlined, and efficient so people can find jobs and employers can find workers in a timely manner.
- Promoting Compassion: The program should grant currently working undocumented aliens a temporary worker status to prevent exploitation. Participants would be issued a temporary worker card that will allow them to travel back and forth between their home and the U.S. without fear of being denied re-entry into America.
- Providing Incentives for Return to Home Country: The program will require the return of temporary workers to their home country after their period of work has concluded. The legal status granted by this program would last three years, be renewable, and would have an end. During the temporary work period, it should allow movement across the U.S. borders so the worker can maintain roots in their home country.
- Protecting the Rights of Legal Immigrants: The program should not connect participation to a green card or citizenship. However, it should not preclude a participant from obtaining green card status through the existing process. It should not permit undocumented workers to gain an advantage over those who have followed the rules.

Temporary Worker Program

President Bush does not support amnesty because individuals who violate America's laws should not be rewarded for illegal behavior and because amnesty perpetuates illegal immigration. The President proposes that the Federal Government offer temporary worker status to undocumented men and women now employed in the United States and to those in foreign countries who have been offered employment here. The workers under temporary status must pay a one-time fee to register in the program, abide by the rules, and return home after their period of work expires. There would be an opportunity for renewal. In the future, only people outside the U.S. may join the temporary worker program, and there will be an orderly system in place to address the needs of workers and companies.

- American Workers Come First: Employers must make every reasonable effort to find an American to fill a job before extending job offers to foreign workers.
- Workplace Enforcement of Immigration Laws: Enforcement against companies that break the law and hire illegal workers will increase.
Economic Incentives to Return Home: The U.S. will work with other countries to allow aliens working in the U.S. to receive credit in their nations' retirement systems and will support the creation of tax-preferred savings accounts they can collect when they return to their native countries.
- Fair and Meaningful Citizenship Process: Some temporary workers will want to remain in America and pursue citizenship. They should not receive an unfair advantage over those who have followed the law, and they will need to be placed in line for citizenship behind those who are already in line. Those who choose the path of citizenship will have an obligation to learn the facts and ideals that have shaped America's history.
- Reasonable Annual Increase of Legal Immigrants: A reasonable increase in the annual limit of legal immigrants will benefit those who follow the lawful path to citizenship.

Benefits to America of the Temporary Worker Program

- A more prosperous economy -- for America. The program would allow workers to find jobs and employers to find workers, quickly and simply.
- A more secure homeland -- to improve the efficiency and management of all people who cross our borders. It is in the interest of the Nation, and each community, to identify foreign visitors and immigrants and make clear the nature of their intentions.
- A more compassionate system -- to protect all workers in America with labor laws, the right to change jobs, fair wages, and a healthy work environment.

Homeland Security and Border Enforcement

- Border Patrol has increased from a strength of 9,788 on September 11, 2001 to 10,835 on December 1, 2003. Between ports of entry on the northern border, the size of the Border Patrol has tripled to more than 1,000 agents. In addition, the Border Patrol is continuing installation of monitoring devices along the borders to detect illegal activity.
- The Bush Administration's Operation Tarmac was launched to investigate businesses and workers in the secure areas of domestic airports and ensure immigration law compliance. Since 9/11, DHS has audited 3,640 businesses, examined 259,037 employee records, arrested 1,030 unauthorized workers, and participated in the criminal indictment of 774 individuals.
- President Bush announced the Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS), an internet-based system that is improving America's ability to track and monitor foreign students and exchange visitors. Over 870,000 students are registered in SEVIS. Of 285 completed field investigations, 71 aliens were arrested.
- This week, the US-VISIT program began to digitally collect biometric identifiers to record the entry and exit of aliens who travel into the U.S on a visa. Together with the standard information, this new program will confirm compliance with visa and immigration policies.
 

 Link 

I still don't see how this is a bad program.
 
 
The more extremist liberals here see it as a threat because they think the Spanish-speaking population will register and vote Republican...
 
 
I haven't seen evidence that Mexicans are all that likely to vote Republican. To date, more have voted for Democrats in Texas.
 
 
 Chicano Workers 

 What The Mexican Worker Has To Say 

 Honoring Ceasar Chavez - American Hero 
 
 
Well, EB, the media have done several reports on this, and a big deal was made in 2000 about Bush speaking Spanish and courting the Spanish-speaking voter. I am otherwise mystified that rabid liberals like Deecups and Infoweinie would get so worked up that they would even quote Phyllis Schlafly... that's a sad comment.
 
 
I have to agree with Setanta....this thread has been a high-larious read. Is there nothing funnier than high-falutin' lefties who cringe when an ethnic moves next door?  
 
 
Cav, some of my favorite family members were ethnic, but we prevailed upon 'em to tone it down for the public...
 
 
This is a very long article, so I only posted part of it.

The Illegal-Alien Crime Wave  Link 
 
 
I can't speak up for any view but my own.
 
 
 Crime Statistics - USDOJ 
 
 
Those are very interesting statistics Joanne.

Now, to address the thread, it's nice to see that liberals and conservatives can agree on one thing: chuck out the illegal immigrants for a safer, gentler nation. Let's look at things this way: Okay, statistics might indicate that illegal immigrants are more prone to gang-related crime. So what. Buy into the culture of fear that is parylizing the country if you want. Let's say you kick them all out. Well, you'll be left with a bunch of white guys, who are overwhelmingly more likely to be serial killers and pedophiles. The point is, none of these scenarios are mutually exclusive to race, and statistics are only an indicator of certain trends, not gospel truth.
 
 
 
Yet should a cop arrest an illegal gangbanger for felonious reentry, it is he who will be treated as a criminal, for violating the LAPD's rule against enforcing immigration law.
 

How is it that a city can enforce a rule that contradicts federal law? This is amazing.

While I have no problem with work Visas being issued, Tarantulas does raise another issue that I think must be addressed:

The vast majority of the Mexican nationals in New Mexico are decent, hard working people that I admire. But it is indisputable that a disproportionate number of burglaries, street crime, unlicensed and uninsured drivers, etc. are also committed by illegals and there seems to be little we can do about it. I think the laws do need to be tightened to make it more difficult and less attractive to come to the USA without the proper documentation.

I wonder if any other industrialized countries have as liberal immigration policies as we do?
 
 
Sure, Canada. Isn't that how all the terrorists got into your country, foxfyre?
 
 
Does Canada have a high population of illegal residents Cav? Or are undocumented, non citizens in Canada considered illegal?
 
 
Hard to say foxfyre...we do seem to give out a lot of 'student visas'. Undocumented, non-citizens often fall under the radar, I think. My wife had a very frightening experience with a taxi driver once, and she made a formal complaint. It turned out that the driver was not the licenced driver, but a cousin of the proper driver, here illegally, and he needed to make some cash, so said cousin just said, sure, take my cab for the night.  

I'm still not convinced about the kneejerk reactions posted here, mostly because you will always have problems in any industrialized democratic society, with immigrants or locals. Some folks are just troublemakers, regardless of where they hail from.
 
 
Here in the UK, we have a huge problem with illegals trying to enter the country, and often succeeding. They have created enormous financial burdens on the National Healthcare system, and in areas with large alien populations, crime is epidemic.

Unlike America's INS, which seems quite impotent and wishy-washy in their mission, our Home Office aggressively rejects illegals at Heathrow and Portsmouth, sending them back upon arrival. The Chunnel tunnel is monitored as well with armed guards.

Apparently, such a strong stand on the enforcement of immigration law sits badly with many in America. But since nearly 50 million of your citizens go about without heathcare, I am left wondering why providing heath services to the hordes arriving from Mexico is of a higher priority than insuring your own?
 
 
That 50 million of our citizens go without healthcare is not exactly accurate. That some go without healthcare insurance would be accurate. That's not the same thing. All federally subsidized medical facilities are not allowed to turn away emergency room patients regardless of whether they have health insurance.

It is also true here that laws that require American tax payers to essentially support illegals with free healthcare, free education, welfare, social security, workers compensation etc. are severely straining our resources, and no matter how much we have concern for the illegals, this will sooner or later have to be addressed.
 
 
The Defense Department which uses 80% of the federal budget, the deficit, and the debt are straining our budget. Our government cannot borrow all the money it needs to support the war from the Social Security Trust Funds.

Soo how much do we owe China, Japan, and the Euro, lots and lots. The intereste alone is killing us.
 
 
 CBO Budget Projections In Billions of Dollars 

Remember all figures on these charts are in billions of dollars  
 
 
Foxfyre, your last post was especially ridiculous.

The fact that you won't be turned away at an emergency room for a critical emergency is not the same thing as having insurance. To make this comparison is ludicrous.

Undocumented immigrants do not recieve welfare or social security. Workers compensation is provided to employees- if an employer is gaining the benifit of a worker it has the obligation of providing this-- there is no strain on resources.

And, would you really turn away a dying person from emergency room because they don't have the proper docuements?
 
 
Upon reading "up" this series of posts, what I glean is Craven is unaware that 50% of the illegals crossing into the USA from Mexico aren't Mexican nationals.

It's been widely reported in our papers, following Bush's sweep of the magic worker permit wand, word went out to Brazil, Equador, Guatamala, El Salvador, Belize and others, that the USA was legalizing immigration and the march is on -- northward bound.

Frankly, I don't care how you folks deal with your immigration problems, but I will pass on the example of the UK's failures and achievements regarding the issue.

In brief, if you fail to enforce the existing immigration laws in the USA, you are destined to have a huge, costly, third world style nation, and in 25 years, Americans will awaken and ask, "what the hell happened?"
 
 
Mexican or Brazilian - I don't really care.
 
 
 
Upon reading "up" this series of posts, what I glean is Craven is unaware that 50% of the illegals crossing into the USA from Mexico aren't Mexican nationals.
 

greenumbrella, the reason I am "unaware" of this is because it is not true.

 
It's been widely reported in our papers, following Bush's sweep of the magic worker permit wand, word went out to Brazil, Equador, Guatamala, El Salvador, Belize and others, that the USA was legalizing immigration and the march is on -- northward bound.
 

This is a very absurd statement that you can't support.
 
 
ebrown, I did not say that emergency room care was the same as having insurance. I said that not having insurance is not the same thing as not having health care.
 
 
Can you explain what you mean by this statement...

 
It is also true here that laws that require American tax payers to essentially support illegals with free healthcare, free education, welfare, social security, workers compensation etc.

 

You are right about free education, but I don't think the rest are factual. That we should provide people who are living here with an education seems like a easy call.
 
 
.... and you didn't answer my question.

Would you turn people with a critical illness away from an emergency room?
 
 
To end the percentage discussion, some data about "unauthorized resident population" in the USA, by national origin, according to the INS:
Mexico: 68.7%
El Salvador: 8.5%
China: 2.5%
Guatemala: 2.0%
Honduras: 2.0%
Colombia: 2.0%
(Brazil is there, with 1.1%, right behind Ecuador and Phillipines; just above India and Canada).

As for the other argument, I'm with ebrown_p.
 
 
ebrown writes

 
Would you turn people with a critical illness away from an emergency room?
 

Would I? Of course not. If it was forbidden by hospital administration, that would really be tough. I'm not sure I could work for a hospital that could do that. But almost all public hospitals do take care of the indigent.

Years ago I became inadvertently involved in the clandestine sanctuary program illegally smuggling oppressed people into the country. I was philosophically opposed to this and unwilling to risk arrest, jail and/or fine by condoning and assisting this practice - UNTIL - I came face to face with a Guatamalan woman with a small child. Looking into her eyes, I couldn't say no.

I do, however, like the policy practiced years ago in Salina KS. All charities, churches, hospitals etc. got together and mutually supported a central clearing agency. All transients and others requesting assistance were sent to that central clearing agency. People were required to accept a police background check in addition to the aid they received.

This prevented unethical types from milking the system but no legitimately hungry or otherwise needy person was turned away. And, the immediate needs of the illegals, wanted criminals, etc. were taken care of, but they also were immediately deported and/or sent off to jail awaiting extradition to whomever wanted them.

But the point is, America has to have the discussion about our immigration policy and how open our borders can be. We realistically can provide jobs and services for a finite number of people.
 
 
All federally subsidized medical facilities are not allowed to turn away emergency room patients regardless of whether they have health insurance.

But foxfyre misses the point again.

The fact that 47 million Americans (mostly the working poor and students) don't have health insurance means all illnesses are treated as emergent admissions because they have no other place to go.

-A mother without health insurance or Medicaid has a crying child suffering with an earache. She can't go to a doctor's office, so she takes her child to the emergency room. What should be a $56 office visit and a $16 script for antibiotics skyrockets into a $500 ER admission.

It's truly unbelievable that the USA is the only industrialized nation that can't get it's act together and provide healthcare to everyone.
 
 
Let me tell you something....all us Canadians get free health care, and you know what? They can't afford to fund our hospitals properly (many have been closed) and it's a nightmare every time you need services. The hospitals are understaffed, underfunded, and NOT efficient when it comes to patient needs. Heaven forbid you need a serious treatment, or a transplant, you could die while on the waiting list.
 
 
That's the downside Cav and I think most thinking people realize it. The truly poor in the United States are eligible for Medicaid and that includes better health insurance than I can afford. Those that utilize the emergency room for earaches should pay the bill if they can. They are still usually paying far less than what a monthly hospital premium would be.

It is government and legal meddling that has sent medical costs through the roof here. I don't know what the answer is, but as you and I have discussed Cav, there has to be a better way. And if enough people think on it and try to find solutions instead of placing blame, we just might get it all fixed.
 
 
 
The fact that 47 million Americans (mostly the working poor and students) don't have health insurance means all illnesses are treated as emergent admissions because they have no other place to go.
 

This is not true, at least not in Arizona. We have a state plan that pays for health care if you can't afford it. I worked with a lady who made a lot more money than I did, and she said her daughter went to the hospital and had a baby, and it cost her one dollar.

The problem comes when you have hundreds upon hundreds of illegal aliens swarming into the emergency rooms of hospitals near the Arizona border, expecting health care without any intention of ever paying a dime for it, and not eligible for state health dollars. The hospitals have to eat those costs, and it's killing them.

There was a move at one time to try to force the federal government to pay for services provided to illegals by Arizona, because the feds failed to keep the illegals out of our country. Of course that issue went nowhere, but maybe it opened someone's eyes. People don't realize the enormous support costs that have to be paid to support illegals.
 
 
 
That's the downside Cav and I think most thinking people realize it. The truly poor in the United States are eligible for Medicaid and that includes better health insurance than I can afford. Those that utilize the emergency room for earaches should pay the bill if they can. They are still usually paying far less than what a monthly hospital premium would be.

It is government and legal meddling that has sent medical costs through the roof here. I don't know what the answer is, but as you and I have discussed Cav, there has to be a better way. And if enough people think on it and try to find solutions instead of placing blame, we just might get it all fixed.
 

Although liberal-minded, I have considered the benefits of a two-tiered system, much to my disgust.
 
 
foxfyre posts, "The truly poor in the United States are eligible for Medicaid and that includes better health insurance than I can afford."

Healthcare envy?

Painting with such broad generalizations is typical of those on the far right in my experience.

I have a friend who is permanently disabled and after paying into Social Security for 20 years, receives about $1,000 a month. Believe or not, and I'm sure foxfyre will call me a liar which is fine, but according to Medicaid rules in our state, he makes too much money for assistance.

$1,000 a month translates into $12,000 a year or about 130% of the Federal poverty level -- poor by any definition, yet he is not eligible for Medicaid. Half of his monthly check goes to rent and after food, utilities, and meds are paid for, he's destitute at the end of every month.
 
 
 
Painting with such broad generalizations is typical of those on the far right in my experience.
 

Accidental irony is the funniest irony of all.      
 
 
That had to be intentional....
 
 
Deecups:

The scenario you spell out is a perfect example of why we need national healthcare.

Your disabled friend makes 12 grand a year, but is considered too weathy for medicaid.

What a joke.
 
 
