 
 
In Praise of Manchester - Centre Of My Universe!
 
 
Can I just say.......I love A2K'ers, but sometimes I just don't know what they're going on about!!! Especially our American Cousins! I don't know their expressions, their programmes, some of their music. I really want to join in but feel very working class and northern. But I love being from here and I just wanted to open a thread and say things like 'turnt big light off' - 'bog off' - 'blimey' - 'scally' - 'egg & chips' - 'Mam' - 'pissed' - 'shut yer gob' - 'Blackpool Illuminations' - 'butties' and 'nowt so gueer'.

There.......I feel better now :wink:
 
 
When I was in Manchester, I remember some locals nattering on about Blackpool, and how we should all take a detour over there.

What are "Blackpool Illuminations"?
 
 
Aw'ight Sarah!

I can understand your love of home and incomprehension of some of our "septic" friends (there's the Londoner in me coming out!)  ...

How's the festive season been? Office party complete with your very own David Brent?

As long as you don't start praising Man U, as managed by Britain's own answer to Rudolf, I'm happy to share this excuse to be an unashamed Brit!

TTFN

KP
 
 
Ticomaya - Imagine the bright lights of the Vegas casinos, circa 1951. Then make them much smaller. Then attach them to the street-lights of a small town nestled on the wind-swept drizzle-soaked coast of North West England. And that's the Blackpool Illuminations!
 
 
Oh, dear - I see red and white roses before my eyes!  
 
 
Incidentally, the folks I met in Manchester were fans of the "other" soccer team in town, which I think is Manchester City. I'd frankly never heard of it. Which is the favorite of most of the locals?

GD, thanks for the explanation. Blackpool passes for a resort town? A place to go on "holiday"?
 
 
Kitchenpete, MAN U, are you a mentalist? Keegans boys all the way! Mr S has painted our bedroom City Blue and we have a Maine Road street sign up on the woodchip! Needless to say I was one happy girl this weekend. I personally don't know much about football (only recently finding out that goalies weren't freelance) but I soon know if City's won!:wink:

Can I also just say that the computer was invented in Manchester (UMIST) :wink:

Office party.....surely you must have read about it here? Came home pissed, took my bra off and a crushed fag and lighter fell out (classy chick). Of course the thread then went off on a tangent 'cos I'd forgotten that the term fag has different connotations in Americaland.

I really do work in David Brenty office, here's a scene:

Manager comes bounding out of his office and says "any ideas for the celebrating diversity week?"

Me (quickly minimising A2K on my screen) "We could pretend to be blind for the day!" :wink:
 
 
Sorry Ticomaya, how rude of me............the illuminations are nothing more than xmas lights on a sea front, in a jaded seaside town. It's the type of place that hosts stag and hen weekends. It has drag shows and a funfair. BUT.......GB is about to relax the gambling laws, allow casinos and turn it into our own mini LAS VEGAS.....YAY!!!!!!!!  
 
 
 
Incidentally, the folks I met in Manchester were fans of the "other" soccer team in town, which I think is Manchester City. I'd frankly never heard of it. Which is the favorite of most of the locals?

GD, thanks for the explanation. Blackpool passes for a resort town? A place to go on "holiday"?
 

I think (maybe Sarah or KP can clarify) that the Blues (Man City) are more popular with the locals. In fact, I have vague recollections that Man Utd's ground isn't technically in Manchester, but in Salford (a town within a city). Sarah - help?!

Blackpool is/was the biggest seaside resort in the North. Until cheap air fares to the Continent came into existence in the 70's, the only holiday that the Northern working class could afford was a week in Blackpool, Scarborough (smaller, east coast) or similar. Now of course they are full of hotels & guesthouses that no-one particularly wants to stay in when they can have 2 weeks on the Mediterranean for £350. So, like Sarah says, it's now full of drunken louts on stag & hen parties. they have some good rollercoasters though.
 
 
Sarah can conrfirm the fact, but there are no Surrey-based Man City fans who annoy the FCUK out of me and who have probably never been to Manchester in their lives.

As an Arsenal fan, Man City are "allies" - on the principle that my enemy's enemy is my friend!

For any Americans reading, Manchester United are the "Yankees" of English football - loved by many but hated by everyone else.

KP
 
 
Man U's ground is in Old Trafford, Manchester, though it is on the 'cusp' with Salford. I used to have a boyfriend who was a rabid Man U fan, I lived behind Main Road (City's old ground) at the time.....he refused to linger snogging me on the doorstep because he could "smell the blues"!!!

Football affilliations are strong here in Manc, I tend to think of Man U as an international team rather than a local one.

Ever read that book 'Manchester United Ruined My Life'? Mr S says it's very funny.

Have to go for a bit...........chip pan's on! :wink:
 
 
 
Sarah can conrfirm the fact, but there are no Surrey-based Man City fans who annoy the **** out of me and who have probably never been to Manchester in their lives.

As an Arsenal fan, Man City are "allies" - on the principle that my enemy's enemy is my friend!

For any Americans reading, Manchester United are the "Yankees" of English football - loved by many but hated by everyone else.

KP
 

And have been since when I was there...which is way back in the mid 1950's!!!!

I use to love the pools...and a couple of buddies and I threw a few quid into them each week. Never had MU in our picks...because they were unlikely to tie!
 
 
When I'm in Manchester, I usually join some friends, when they have hteir regular intelligence meeeting on Thursday evening in a pub. (Thankfully, they changed the day on my last visit to Friday, since I just came over the weekend.)

It's always very interesting, because they are split between ManU [origianally:Newton Heath LYR (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway)] and City ( Superbia In Proelio ).

Personally, I'm a fan of Bert Traumann's club as well as of the club from Stretford :wink:
 
 
Walter, Mr S just told me that Bert Trauman famously finished a cup final in spite of a broken neck! What year?
 
 
Well, that's a simple question: 1956 FA cup final against Birmingham City.
 
 
 
Trautmann to be given OBE honour

Former Manchester City goalkeeper Bert Trautmann is to be awarded an OBE.
The 82-year-old is famous for playing on in the 1956 FA Cup Final against Birmingman, despite breaking his neck.

A former German POW won the hearts of City supporters in the 1950s and is being honoured for his ongoing work to improve British-German relations.

Trautmann has just launched the Trautmann Foundation, aimed at promoting British-German understanding through football.

Trautmann, who came to England as a prisoner of war, joined Manchester City in 1949 to the fury of fans.

Season ticket holders threatened a boycott and 40,000 people marched on the streets to protest the signing of an "enemy" soldier so soon after World War Two.

But Trautmann won fans over with his brilliant goalkeeping and most memorably his heroics in the 1956 Cup final when ensured City beat Birmingham City 3-1.

Fifteen minutes before the end of the game, Trautmann dived at the feet of opposing striker Peter Murphy and sustained a horrific neck injury.

He carried on in considerable pain and went up to collect his winner's medal from the Queen.

Prince Philip, the Queen's husband, is said to have asked him why he was cocking his head. "I've got a stiff neck," Trautmann replied.

That year he was honoured as the first foreigner to be named 'Footballer of the Year.'

Trautmann stayed with Manchester City for 15 years even though this excluded him from the German national team which did not select those playing overseas.

The former City goalkeeper, alongside current Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann, will be the guest of the Queen next week when she makes a state visit to Germany.

Story from BBC SPORT:
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/sport1/hi/football/3962625.stm 

Published: 2004/10/28 17:53:49 GMT
 
 
 
 
current Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann
 

I know, Pete, I know  

(But this always happens to Schalke traitors! :wink: [Lehmann was origianally the goalie for Schalke, tranferred then to Dortmund - some as someone going from ManU to City.])
 
 
Your a sagacious old bugger, Walter! :wink:
 
 
 
Your a sagacious old bugger, Walter! :wink:
 

That's Mancunian for "ballsy spring chicken", isn't it?  
 
 
EEE, tha not backward in coming forward, Walter!  
 
 
 
I use to love the pools...and a couple of buddies and I threw a few quid into them each week. Never had MU in our picks...because they were unlikely to tie!
 

Do you "do the pools" in America, Frank (or anyone)? They are sadly on the decline, I believe. Many people who used to play them now play the National Lottery instead.

As for football allies, Man Utd have always been good to the Boro (my team). We've got their ex-assistant manager as our current manager, and several Man U players have come to Middlesbrough in their twilight years. And we have a habit of beating them at home as well!
 
 
I'm off to take some hate posts 'bout capital punishment on the 'lethal injection' thread. They're gonna go mad! :wink:
 
 
Don't hate me Brits, but everything I know about Manchester I learned from Coronation Street, even though it's set in this Weatherfield place.  
 
 
 
 
I use to love the pools...and a couple of buddies and I threw a few quid into them each week. Never had MU in our picks...because they were unlikely to tie!
 

Do you "do the pools" in America, Frank (or anyone)? They are sadly on the decline, I believe. Many people who used to play them now play the National Lottery instead.
 

Nope...it is all pure luck lottery here also. The thrill of picking winners is gone...unless you actually do sports betting. But no pools.

Can't tell ya how much I miss 'em!

Most fun betting I've ever had.
 
 
No problem, Cav. Everything I know about Canada I learned from err... err... Kids In The Hall and reading Arthur Haley's 1961 thriller "In High Places".
 
 
 
Everything I know about Canada I learned from err... err...
 

... err... Radio Canadian Army Europe (CAE), broadcasting from Fort Victoria, Werl, Germany and from some "disco arguments" :wink:
 
 
I lived in Canada, first in Winnepeg, then Nanaimo (Vancouver Island), the Richmond (BC). My sister lives in Toronto, she phones my Mum every week for Coronation Street updates. I remember my Dad doing the pools (he still does), and the 'collector' still comes round one night a week for the money. He used to give the coupon to us to add a few X's. He's still never won anything substantial.

Mr S has just got his old premium bonds back from an aunty that sadly passed, £10.00 altogether, bought in 1960! I phoned a special line to see if he'd won anything - nope - we were so excited, I told Mr S that we were bound to have won something after 40 years! NOPE. I told the man on the phone "well, they were a waste of money then" he got really huffy!

I work just near Granada Studios (as Walter will vouch) where they make Coronation Street, so we see lots of the 'stars'. Ruth (daughter and heiress to the Morgan fortune) used to work in Kendalls on the Estee Lauder counter when she was a student......she met lots of them, she said Dierdre Barlow was the nicest, and the woman who plays Audrey Roberts was really rude. :wink:

I also used to work in Southern Cemetery!
 
 
Hey Sarah, is Manchester a beautiful city? On the uk tv shows that are based in manchester, it looks cold and grey with heaps of industrial factories and really depressing, but in reality what is it like?>
 
 
Morning Australia, Well some say 'it's grim up north'. It's my home town, so I'm biased. It is very industrial, built on King Cotton, and it does rain a lot. But parts of it are quite breathtaking (I think). Both Mr S and my daughter have degrees from Manchester University (it's considered a prestigious establishment). We have very historic buildings, I live in the south of Manchester and it's only a short distance to stunning countryside. I live in a cottage (not thatched) built in 1790, very small, with foot thick walls, we were told it was haunted when we moved in but I've never seen anything and only had 'good vibes'. Where do you live?

I'm off sick today, got a stinking cold and a fabulously croacky voise.

and it's raining! :wink:
 
 
I havent been to Manchester - actually the only glimpse I had was from the outskirts while driving up to Scotland.

But the people (atleast the two I have met) are absolutely amazing !!
 
 
Awh, Prince - what can I say..............some people just prefer human contact to a keyboard quote : not my media, but would love to meet unquote. Your welcome in Manchester anytime! I've a spare bedroom? I'll make you some chips and a nice cuppa T! I know you'd love it. London is so yesterday, it's all happening in the provinces you know!

XXX
 
 
 
Your welcome in Manchester anytime! I've a spare bedroom? I'll make you some chips and a nice cuppa T! XXX
 

 
 
 
Sorry, Walter.............same applies to you, goes without saying, salt and vinegar? What would we talk about though? I read your posts you know, just so I know what I should be thinking about! You know I'm all about smut and make up, with a very dirty laugh, my daughter describes it as 'Mutley with a vibrator'.

Why I'd have to ply you with alcohol and take you dancing!

Walter's mind full of: current affairs, politics, crosswords (cryptic), philosophy, classical music and almost certainly has a copy the Penguin Dictionary of Literary Terms on his bookshelf.

Sarah's mind full of: Mascaras, fags, diets, crappy pop music...........book shelves?........mags don't fit on 'em! :wink:

Bet we'd have a right laff though  
 
 
:wink:
 
 
Hello, Sarah. Nice to meet you!  

A punchy thread you have here. Refreshing.

Greetings from Melbourne, Oz.  
 
 
Greetings and Hiya to you msolga :wink:
 
 
I wish you'd talk a bit more about your life in Manchester. It interests me, how people live, how they see things, what's important to them.... Manchester - I only know what I see on television, from time to time. But hey, Neighbours isn't exactly typical Australia, neither is the stuff we see about the "depressed industrial north" what your life's like...
 
 
Well, I'll go to the foot of our stairs, here's a thread about Manchester! Bookmark, and hope your cold gets better before Crimble, Sarah. I have lived in Stockport and worked in Manchester from 1973 until two years ago.
That's not very grammatical, but I know what I mean. Manchester City is my team, too, Kevin's blunders, er, wonders.

McT
 
 
Manchester's like any large city...you have poor areas, affluent areas and 'in betweenies' I 'spose I'm one of those. We live in a cottage (it's not that unusual here) well it was originally two workers cottages knocked into one, we really do have an oak beam running along our living room ceiling.....no horse brasses though! I consider myself to be a 'proper' working class Labour voter, but then we do have two cars, a mortgage and a daughter who's recently finished Higher Education. Mr S is a tree surgeon....he works for Manchester City Council on 'street trees'. I work for a Government department. We go to the pictures, but bemoan the passing of the small independats, so we now have to go to a 'multiplex'. We go to the theatre regularly, we are well served here with The Lowry, Library Theatre, and the Contact.....to name but a few. Highlight is going into Rusholme to visit the famous 'curry mile' and have a 'Ruby' with poppadums, Naan....the works, washed down with Cobra. We have a Chinatown and a Gay Village. We still have roast dinners on a Sunday and take my Mum's Border Collie (Bumble) for a walk in Style woods in the afternoon. Just writing this has made me feel very happy.....I'm a fortunate person, compared to many others in the world.....I should count my blessings more!  

Tell me about you..........
 
 
Ah, that's more like it!   Interesting! I get more of a sense of who you are now! And I'm pleased it gave you pleasure to write it, too!  

I'm not going to write much about me because this is your thread.... besides, I don't want to bore people wanting to know about Manchester by writing at length about Olga in Melbourne.... :wink:

I, too live in a little Victorian workers' cottage in inner-suburban Melbourne. Just big enough for one person.   But with a very promising sized yard, thank god. (I tend to live outside a lot in the warm weather.) I moved here after "the big break-up" a couple of years ago, after the division of the spoils. <sigh> Interesting time, it was!  
An Oz Immigrant at a very early age, with Ukrainian ancestry. I love where I live... Very "cosmopolitan" :wink:, with folk from just about every nationality you could name to be seen in the main shopping centre -Sydney Road. I'm passionate about Oz politics (Green/Labor), an obsessive reader, gardener of great optimism  , frequenter of el cheapo ethnic cafes & fond of a wine or two with friends. (I really appreciate good friends. Very important to me.). I'm an art/media teacher in b/n jobs. (let's hope one materializes soon!)

Oh, & I absolutely love animals, particularly cats!(Hence the avatar)

OK, how's that, Sarah?
 
 
There was that film released last year(can't remember what it was called)about zombies and a lot of it was filmed in manchester. It was eerie because it was empty with no people there, like the shot they did of london.
 
 
Manchester, England, England
Across the Atlantic Sea
And i'm a genius, genius
And i believe in God
And i believe that God
Believes in Claude
That's me....
 
 
Autralia, that's Shaun of the Undead...
 
 
No setanta, was released a year before that. Was about the whole of london being killed by this virus, and they went to manchester to escape the zombies. Intellectual type of movie.
 
 
Intellectual eh?

Not for me then...
 
 
Funnily enough, I thought of that song from "Hair" this morning, and I was going to put it in.
Not for the first time, Set has beaten me to it.

Long time no see, pal, and I have been missing you on at least 2 other threads.

Festive greetings, and I'm off for a blow-out and piss-up....er, Xmas meal and celebratory drink.

McT
 
 
Enjoy yerself, McT... i don't know why we have Mancunian obsession, but that leapt immediately to mind... don't drink and drive, old friend... i'm off to such a do with my Sweetiepie's co-workers this afternoon...
 
 
Australia, do you mean 28 days later?

McTag: have a good time!

Setanta: Hiya

msolga: I enjoyed your post, it's not my thread....just wanted to post like I really speak! From the way you describe yourself - you would love it here, there's lots of areas that could be described as 'boho'. I'm sad about your break-up, it takes a long time to re-adjust (I Iknow) hope your happy and peaceful. We are a family of massive cat lovers. I lost my ancient cat last year (Ted) and my dog (Jack) the year, before he used to like me 'hoovering' him - he was fearless and loving, I miss him a lot. I really grieved for him - for ages I used to think I could here him 'snuffling' next to my bed. I'm not getting anymore pets.....I was too upset when they died. Mr S showed me a note that I'd left for him (it was in his pocket) it said 'please hoover downstairs, and don't forget the dog or he'll be pissed off'.  
 
 
Ah, Sarah, to lose a beloved critter is a truly sad thing.  
I have this picture of your Mr S hoovering a deliriously happy Jack. Nice picture!   Speaking of ancient cats: The oldest I ever had was Polly, who lived to the grand old age of 23! Those grey tabbies are truly remarkable!
I hope, if you're determined not to have any more pets, that you're at least able to visit some! A life without animals is quite unnatural, I believe.

One thing I really like about the British is their dottiness about animals. A very endearing characteristic.

Could you please translate "boho" for me. A bit like Soho but different? A less salubrious Soho perhaps?
 
 
 
.... We have a Chinatown and a Gay Village....
 

Abt time I paid Manchester a visit...
 
 
Margo

I think "boho" refers to bohemian.

KP
 
 
Thanks for that, KP.
(Except I'm Olga & not margo :wink: )
 
 
D'oh!

Rushed response - very sorry to you both!

KP
 
 
This seems to happen to you quite often, Miss Olga...

(Pete, i did the same thing just the other day... )
 
 
Not to worry, KP... It happens constantly. It's the Oz/feline thing that confuses folk, apparently.
 
 
 
This seems to happen to you quite often, Miss Olga...

(Pete, i did the same thing just the other day... )
 

I think I might have to get a doggy avatar! So's people can tell the difference.
 
 
 
I think I might have to get a doggy avatar! So's people can tell the difference.
 

The mind boggles!  
 
 
... and then create a thread called The Dog Room!  
 
 
Meow ! ! !
 
 
Thinking, thinking: What do I know about Manchester?

Home of Manchester United, home of (what used to be) the Manchester Guardian - a wonderful newspaper!.... there was a song, way back in dark ages called Manchester Cathedral, once home of the manchester industry...... um, I think that's about it! That's not a lot, is it?

What else is Manchester's claim to fame in 2004? I'm interested....
 
 
 
Meow ! ! !
 

I know you're only pretending to be friendly, Setanta!
 
 
I think the song you remember may be Winchester Cathederal. My parents live next to the man who wrote that - I've never even heard the song!  

Manchester is also the source of many bands - Oasis, in particular, springs to mind. The Happy Mondays, too.
 
 
Winchester Cathedral... Of course!  
 
 
Anyway, what time is it in Manchester & where is Sarah?
 
 
It's 12:40 in the UK.
 
 
Ah, that explains it. Thanks, KP!  
 
 
Winchester Cathedral
You're bringin' me down
You stood there and watched as
My baby left town

You could've done something
But you didn't try
You didn't do nothing
You let her walk by...
 
 
Well, the ad bar on the right of my screen (matchnet) is showing some extremly good looking men in Manchester
 
 
 
Manchester is also the source of many bands - Oasis, in particular, springs to mind. The Happy Mondays, too.
 

Freddie & the Dreamers, Hermans Hermits, The Hollies, Mike & the Mechanics, Simply Red, 10 CC, Paul Young - name them.

I suppose, Winchester Cathedral is as seldom played in Winchester as when you are on a "boat" on the Mersey in Liverpool :wink:
 
 
Last night when I came out of the place where we had our meal (Waxy O'Connor's in The Printworks) I found myself walking along Corporation Street about six o'clock past the big Ferris wheel (think London Eye- only with nicer scenery around) and so I treated myself to a few revolutions on that. I had the gondola to myself, it was a very clear evening, and from the top I could see for miles- lights twinkling everywhere, traffic on Bury New Road, the cityscape of Salford, the glass roof of the Corn Exchange from above- Marks & Spencer's decked out for Christmas- fairytale land.  
 
 
Salford was once considered the classic English industrial slum. What is it like these days?
 
 
Photographs. Any chance of a few Manchester pics?
 
 
Walter will probably post some pics.

And/or, have a look in here:

 http://www.manchesteronline.co.uk/tourist/publicbuildings/ 

and Salford nowadays:

 http://www.thequays.org.uk/home.asp 
 
 
Thanks, McTag!
 
 
Cheers, McT... the "then and now" comparisons are always of great interest to me...
 
 
Except for the speculative "yuppie development" of Salford Quays, Salford is still a dump !

Sign in the Argos Catalogue shop, Salford Precinct. "You are on CCTV. Our staff are entitled to work in a safe environment without threat from customers" (Paraphrased)...and in parts of Manchester some grocery and liquor stores have their goods and staff behind bulletproof glass !

So some things have improved, but many have deteriorated.
 
 
Hiya Chucks, Been to Ikea with my brother, came back with car laden with self assemby.....I bought a coffee table 'jussi' £35.00 in the sale. David's just brewed, I'm checkin' my thread and then we'll make a start. We had to make a solemn vow NOT to argue over the flat pack. Mr S has gone for a drink 'with the lads' to the Horse and Jocky in Chorlton (pre-warned that 'flat pack' was on it's way). Horse and Jocky is famous for being where the Cavaliers and Roundheads met in Manchester (McTag will know it) it was George Best's local when he lodged at Cundiff Road in Chorlton when he first started playing with MUFC.

McTag, you were on the 'eye' all on yer todd! Shame, you should have come for tea. Can't believe you went to the Printworks at this time of year! Wer it packed?

Salford: Let's face it........it's a dump, sorry to any Salfordians out there, but it's not getting any better. I used to work at Salford Quays Jobcentre (City Road) and still work in the Salford area, so I know. Last day in work 31/12/04 (YIPEE) then I'm off to Immigration.

msolga: Hiya chuck, not completely 'pet free' as I have my brothers goldfish. I'm looking for a new name (check out my 'Care of Godfish' thread). I'd be well chuffed if you would think of a name for him/her, something not gender specific. Whatever you come up with - I'll call it!

McTag, don't forget those one hit wonders Sad Cafe, they're from Manchester. :wink:
 
 
She comes and talk to everyone except me  

Whatz Chucks?
 
 
Chuck (Mancunian term of endearment) Anyway, Prince chuck, I always have you in mind whenever I post! I've just been talking about you.......someone suggests you like Kylie (he doesn't).....we've just been laughing about his old cat (claws28).....he was really aggresive, but he loved him! He used to put a leather glove on to stroke him (very Bloefeld). I've lost count of the number of times I've walked in and he's had the cat in his arms, stroking and doing the 'Ah, Mr Bond'.........I used to say "strockin' pussy again?.........Thought you were a puff?".

Sorry about the tearms....hope your not offended! But he's the one who phones me and always starts with "it's your local homosexual here"  
 
 
Is my new avatar too cute?
 
 
I prefer foxy stuff compared to inncocent stuff !! And who told the person you were talking to that I like Kylie ?
 
 
 
Is my new avatar too cute?
 

What the bloody hell is it?
 
 
 
 
Is my new avatar too cute?
 

What the bloody hell is it?
 
It's a bleeding fairy!
 
 
I never said YOU like Kylie, he said I BET he likes Kylie......being from London and everyfink! :wink:
 
 
Errrrr....ummm.... I do actually
 
 
 
I think the song you remember may be Winchester Cathederal. My parents live next to the man who wrote that - I've never even heard the song!  

Manchester is also the source of many bands - Oasis, in particular, springs to mind. The Happy Mondays, too.
 

When I visited Manchester, The Happy Mondays were in their heyday. We visited a nightclub "famous" for alternative music. I say it was "famous" because my girlfriend at the time knew all about it, and it was a "must" on our list of things to do in Manchester. I don't recall its name, but it was just blocks away from the "famous" Duke of Bridgewater pub.

"You're twisting my melons man, you know you talk so hip man you're twisting my melons man."
 
 
Hacienda?  
 
 
I like Kylie. She makes the most of her assets....er, asset.
 
 
.......and shameless in her courtship of the pink pound, the 'plastic pxie' is looking a tad s t r e t c h e d nowadays> :wink:
 
 
 
"You're twisting my melons man, you know you talk so hip man you're twisting my melons man."
 

That's one of my favourite songs. I remember dancing to it countless times in clubs & student bars, and whenever I hear the piano intro it makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Cheers, Ticomaya for the nostalgia!
 
 
And hi Sarah. How's it going?
 
 
Anyone see The British Comedy Awards tonight? That 'thing' with Steven Hawking makka me cringe! Good to see the Simpsons win though, dya hear him namecheck The Office and Little Britain? Bridgitte Nielson with ROBIN COOK......what was that all about?  
 
 
Never been to Manchester...

Got a kick outta watching 24 Hour Party People, tho...
 
 
Closest I been is, eh... Gargrave.
 
 
 
Is my new avatar too cute?
 

Yeah, it is. Doesn't suit you, Sarah. Something more gutsy is called for!  
 
 
 
She comes and talk to everyone except me  

Whatz Chucks?
 

I like Chucks as an all-purpose greeting!   Very friendly & down to earth. A bit like the Oz "possum".
 
 
Never mind nimh.....we're not that far (mileage wise). Try to come in 2005! I know I'm biased but I really do think it's a better place to visit than London, and the people are friendlier. People only go to London for Queeniepoos, and we've got lots of them in Manchester. :wink:
 
 
Mornin' Grand Duke :wink:
 
 
msolga....hows about this? :wink:
 
 
Goooooooooood morning Manchester !!!!

What is queeniepoos ?
 
 
Wasn't the Queen Mum called Queenie Poo?
 
 
The Queen (silly), remember, this be a Manchester thread...............just broke off to get the post..............xmas card from sister with Boots card with       £50.00       credit on it! I'm off to get me one of them new mascaras, you know the one where you put white on first, then the colour......I'll have big 'Dusty' eyes tonight.......going for an Italian with Ruth and David. :wink:
 
 
  Showing my age......Kenny Everett used to say 'queeniepoohs'
 
 
 
  Showing my age......Kenny Everett used to say 'queeniepoohs'
 

Oh yes, all those wonderful Radio London and Radio Luxembourg times...
 
 
Did you used to watch it, Walter?

Remember Cupid Stunt, Sid Snot, Marcel Wave?  
 
 
Not watch (actually I don't really remember those shows on tv) but I listened (=tried to understand)listen to the early radio shows on the private stations in the early 60's :wink:
 
 
Do you remember when he got sacked from radio 1 (I think 1) for making disparaging remarks about the Controller's wife's driving? I think he was sacked twice actually! :wink:
 
 
Can I just say...................my Birthdays on 8th of February (same as James Dean........respec). It would be interesing to have a 'My birthday is on.....' thread, to see who can remember!  
 
 
 
Do you remember when he got sacked from radio 1 (I think 1) for making disparaging remarks about the Controller's wife's driving? I think he was sacked twice actually! :wink:
 

No, I don't - there was only BBC Light in those days :wink:
 
 
Kenny Everett it was, I think, who first called the BBC the Beeb.

He was good- and always IN THE BEST POSSIBLE TASTE!

I loved Cupid Stunt- the fishnets, the beard......
 
 
Few things I remember from The Kenny Everett show:

Cupid Stunt saying "I've been rehearsing my new movie for Disney.......it's called Herbie slashes his wrists!"

Bus driver under the bonnet of the bus.....clippie stands behind him and says "want a screwdriver?" he says "leave it out! We're 10 minutes late already!"

The Heebeegeebies with the hardryers!

Him being Rod Stewart in leopard skin pants and his arse getting bigger and bigger to the strains of 'do you think I'm sexy'

Few memories, he was so funny, and so naughty at times! Was it Hot Gossip?
 
 
 
Hacienda?  
 

Yep... that was it! Why the rolling eyes?

 
 
"You're twisting my melons man, you know you talk so hip man you're twisting my melons man."
 

That's one of my favourite songs. I remember dancing to it countless times in clubs & student bars, and whenever I hear the piano intro it makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Cheers, Ticomaya for the nostalgia!
 

That song brings back memories to me too. Cheers to you GD!
 
 
Bit short on emoticons Ticomaya, I don't know how to download them yet. It's supposed to be a 'guessing' look. Big respec you went to Haciena....it's gone now   turned it into city centre apartments, still called Hacienda though.....end of an era!
 
 
Thanks for the good guess. I'd been trying to remember the name of that club for years. My girlfriend was crazy focused on going there. In fact, that was the purpose of our detour over to Manchester in the first place. She was big into the Happy Mondays, Inspiral Carpets, etc.

I'm glad I didn't go to that many other places in your fair city. Seems like most of them got torn down after I left. I wonder if that Bed & Breakfast is still standing..... ?

Nice avatar, BTW. Seems to suit you better than the little angel. No offense.
 
 
 
msolga....hows about this? :wink:
 

Ah, that's more like it!!!   A red hot chili pepper!
 
 
 
msolga....hows about this? :wink:
 

Ah, that's more like it!!!   A red hot chili pepper! Not to be sneezed at or tangled with! I'm glad you got over the girlie lapse, Sarah!  
 
 
I did enjoy being girly while it lasted. Mr S thought it too cute as well. He's doing psychology now and said peoples choice of avatar would make an interesting project. He likes the chilli though, he went into all the possible 'psychological' reasons as to why I chose a chilli. I didn't have the heart to tell him it was my 10th choice......but couldn't get the rest to download! My friend scanned and emailed me a potocopy of my breasts (pissed at work).......tried for ages to get that one to be my new avatar. But they probably wouldn't allow........I thought it was funny, Mr S said 'don't you dare!'

Ticomaya, you still with your girlfriend from that time?

McTag and Walter: I watched this programme recently on BBC4, it's being repeated on 2..... New Years Eve, 9.40....The Story of Bohemian Rhapsody......"More than just a tale of a poor boy from a smal fam-il-ie. This is the record that rock music peaked with and The Darkness will spend their entire career trying to ape. Roger Taylor, Brian May and Brian May's hair   travel back to the studio where the deed was done, and a group of Oxford professors try to decipher the nonesensical lyrics. Good live footage too!"

Try to warch/tape it was a great programme. :wink:
 
 
I never went to the Hacienda coz I'm too old and I HATE that guy who owned it, whatsizface, Anthony Wilson even more than Terry Christian whatta pillock.
 
 
I soo know what you mean McTag.........he's a proper knobhead. I saw him in the greengrocers in Didsbury, he put his shopping in a 'saddle bag' and put it on his shoulder.........need I say more?  
 
 
 
Ticomaya, you still with your girlfriend from that time?
 

No. We probably broke up about 3 months after that. We had loads of fun though.

 
I soo know what you mean McTag.........he's a proper knobhead. I saw him in the greengrocers in Didsbury, he put his shopping in a 'saddle bag' and put it on his shoulder......... need I say more?  
 

Well, if you were to say more, just for the benefit of us Yanks across the pond, you might start with a translation... What's a "saddle bag," and why does putting it on one's shoulder make one a "knobhead"?
 
 
Anthony Wilson, or Anthony H. Wilson.....is a knobhead. He started life as a journalist (local TV) He then started Factory records and was part owner in the Hacienda Club....he was known as a bit of a snob and a proper know it all, who paid peanuts to the bands signed to factory. There's a film been made of that era called '24hour Party People'......given the bands that you like....you soo have to rent it and enjoy, Happy Mondays, New Order.......there all there, it's great. It also gives compelling reasons to think of Anthony Wilson as a complete knobhead. Saddle Bags are just that........they go over horses and the shoulders of knobheads! It just looked and sounded so pretentious he was talking really loudly in a posh voice saying "a pound of your finest apples, young man" then putting his shopping in the saddle bags over his shoulder - as we say in the North - he's a pillock! Watch the film Ticomaya, it's right up yer passage! (as we say). :wink:
 
 
A knobhead is a dickhead. (see under Wilson, A)

Happy Christmas. Dinner will be ready in one hour, I've got my beer, (Stella and Beck's), so I'm OK.
 
 
Happy Christmas McTag, Family have gone, it's snowing and me and Mr S are having a nice glass of Madeira and are about to play 'Beat the Into' game (pressy).  
 
 
Hey Sarah, missing you. Today I went to the Museum of Science and Industry with my brother's family, youngest is three.
There you can learn that Model T Fords were assembled at Trafford Park in 1908.

You should visit Letty's WA2K Radio thread where popular and light music is often discussed.

I'm going to post a piece about the Ukelele Orchestra of Great Britain, which I have just heard on CD. My brother is a bit zany. You should hear their version of MacArthur Park.....what can I say? Unbelievable.
 
 
Hiya McTag, Happy New Year to you, all the best for 2005. I will check out the thread. Did you by any chance see 'Flashmob, The Opera' or 'My Shakespeare' over the holidays, please say you did...if not I must be the only person in the UK that watched! I'm dying to discuss it!

Is the Science and Industry Museum free now?

Did you see the car Walter posted on Seed's 'Im back' thread? Very  
 
 
Yes it's free, much better that way. We went on the replica steam train too, and that was £1 each adult, under-fives free.

No I did not see these programmes on TV but I wish I had recorded "My Shakespeare", as we have a family interest in the theatre.

Could you post a link to Walter's car? Or could you, Walter, if you see this?

And warmly returning your season's wishes,

McT
 
 
 
Or could you, Walter, if you see this?

 

It's that "sexy Triumph", which parked close to the Quay House in Salford, you remember :wink:
 
 
Not the 'ideal' car for dogging though! :wink:
 
 
Ah yes, I remember that picture now. Near the Grocers' Warehouse, Castlefield, it was.

Sarah Sarah Sarah
let me guess
A white van delivering Slumberland mattresses, that would do it.
 
 
What's with the Sarah Sarah Sarah (so good they named her thrice?)

It had an air of 'your incorrigable' about it...like I've not heard THAT before!

I can't help it McTag...I'm a smutty girl, would you have me any other way? :wink:

Now back to culture: If you have real player take a listen to  www.bbc.co.uk/radio2  Follow the links from 'listen again' and then onto music documentaries...there's a great prog on 'Jerusalem' called 'and did those feet'. Very interesting, I knew it was Blake, but didn't know about the history of the song. It was my old school song, which is very strange considering I went to a convent (does it show?). There's lots of great stuff on at the moment, including biogs of classic albums...just been listening to Who are You (Who).
 
 
I've just seen that BBC4 series programme which goes under Martin Scorsese's name, History of Blues or something, 90 minutes of sheer delight with a pantheon of British and American blues and jazzmen, lessee now, Ken Colyer, Alexis Korner, Humphrey Lyttleton, Lonnie Donegan, Chris Barber, Albert Lee, Eric Clapton, Eric Burdon, Van Morrison, Chris Farlowe, Georgie Fame, Bert Jansch, Peter Green, BB King, Buddy Guy, Big Bill Broonzy, Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee, Muddy Waters, and just about everybody else.

Something there for everybody. I loved it.
 
 
I can't believe I missed it...and I'm always 'scanning' for progs of that ilk.
Thought the 'silence' at lunchtime was quite moving. I was in outpatients at the local hospital...still it was observed! Did the USA do the same?

Sarah.
 
 
What silence? I've heard nothing.
 
 
We had three minutes of silence all over Europe today at noon.
 
 
I know your in the middle of the heartland, Tico, but where's that? I've often wondered (or have you already told me). :wink:

Did you not have the 'silence' where you are?
 
 
Wichita, Kansas, the Air Capitol of the World... at the confluence of the Big and Little Arkansas Rivers. Basically... right in the middle of the USA.

Well, we have silence here frequently, and I often enjoy it. But, no, I was not aware of an organized "silence." Is this in memorium of the victims of the tsunami disaster?
 
 
 
Is this in memorium of the victims of the tsunami disaster?
 

 Three-minute silence for victims 
 
 
I heard (the sound of silence) six minutes : many other European countries and Uk were not at the same time.
 
 
Wish I could pop in for a coffee there Tico, sounds very Americany and interesting. I would love to hear some silence...reading you post made me realise that I hardly ever get to experiance real silence...living in an Industrial City. Any 'Linesmen' around?

Must be great living under the big sky...I can only imagine...
 
 
Funny you mention coffee... getting ready to open a coffee house. I used to own one, and am getting ready to start again.

LOL. Actually, tons of "Linesmen" out today. We had a massive ice storm yesterday, and loads and loads of tree limbs and power lines are down. I'm without power at home, and so are my folks. Could be a week before power is restored to everyone, they're telling us. Our crazy weather: it was 70 degrees on New Year's Day!
 
 
I've got this image of you in a 'homestead' huddled round gaslamps under patchwork quilts, with twangy country music in the background...something like 'I lost my heart at the rodeo' (powered by it's own generator of course). Which is probaby a squillion miles from the reality of your life. But to me it seems enchanting.

I heart coffee shops big time...we need 'proper' ones in the UK. I used to live in Vancouver, and I loved a particular coffee shop there called The Bread Garden (do you have them there?). We used to sit outside under gas lamps (in the winter) it seemed so decadent to us 'Little Englanders' at the time...but some places/pubs have them here now.

Are you comfortable with divulging the name of your new premises? I wish you luck and lots of customers though...bet it's hard work!
 
 
Yeah, SM. We need proper coffee shops. Not bloody Tarbrush and Costa Packet.
 
 
 
I've got this image of you in a 'homestead' huddled round gaslamps under patchwork quilts, with twangy country music in the background...something like 'I lost my heart at the rodeo' (powered by it's own generator of course). Which is probaby a squillion miles from the reality of your life. But to me it seems enchanting.
 

LOL. Not too far off. We were huddled around candles and propane lamps the first night. No quilts, and absolutely no country music. <shudder> My neighbor had a generator running next door, though. I could hear it whining.

My last coffee house was awesome. We had open mic nights, poetry slams, retro (60's) furniture. I can make a mean latte. We ended up closing it after the City bought the property from our landlord and kicked us out because they were going to rennovate the property. It was actually a very historic hotel. Ever hear of Carry Nation? She was a somewhat famous militant crusader against illegal saloons in Kansas, and is particularly famous for breaking a mirror in this hotel (Eaton Hotel) with a hatchet in the year 1900.
 
 
Yes, strangely enough, I have heard of Carrie Nation - where's your new shop at? The other one sounded funky. Is it going to be along the same lines?

I'll be off line for a while. As you probably know, my daughter and brother have gone to NY today. I got a txt from her at the check-in this morning to say they had been upgraded to CLUB CLASS, I'm soo jealous.

I'm off to my sisters in Bath (south west england) a very historic Roman City. I shall be visiting the Roman Baths, gallery of English costume and the Pump Rooms for 'high tea'. That's where royalty and the upper classes went to 'take the waters' the (natural spring) water tastes awful and smells of farts (because of the sulpher), but is supposed to be effecatious. You can have Teas, scones and little cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off. All to sound of a live chamber orchestra - very posh. Very 'touristy' though, lots of Americans and Japanese with digicams.

I'm flying! New charter Airline (South West Air). Forty minutes from Manchester to Bristol and only £30.00 (incl. tax)...saves a four hour drive!

Laters!
 
 
There's a very good American Museum at Bath, started by Winston Churchill or his mother who was American.
It has Shaker furniture and stuff. Recommended.
 
 
I'm back...killing time 'till Ruth's flight comes in at 6.30am.

Didn't make it to the American Museum this time, but I have been before. It WAS interesting, and I had a great lunch there...oh, and the views - fantastic!

Went to the Roman Baths - £9.50 to get in!

My sister gets into things free if she produces a utility bill and ID. Chunnered to the woman that we had 'roman things' in the North and they were all free (probably not true, but my heckles were up at the PRICE of everything). She said admission to attractions kept the Council Tax down! Only rich people (like Jane Seymour, Van Morrison and my sister) can afford to live there! Therefore they can afford their Council Tax.

Then I said "how come I have to pay to see MY heritage"?

Then my sister said "leave it, Sarah" in a very 'stop showing me up' way!

Waiting for my sister to finish shopping (it was bloody freezing this weekend) I went into Bath Abbey...there was a 'suggested' donation of £2.50, but there is a desk/kiosk thing as you go in...and a woman with half moon glasses, who 'suggests' in a very strong way. I told her that I didn't have £2.50 on me, but she could have all the change in my purse...she didn't look pleased. I told her that I needed to go to the cash machine, then got   that I was actually justifying why I hadn't got £2.50!

She didn't even offer me a brochure, like she did to the woman in front of me who gave her a fiver and she asked "do you want change"?

It'll all change come the glorious day!

But I did have a great time though...it was fab seeing my sister and her family, we are very close and had lots of laughs. She says she always gets extra Northern for the first few days after a visit from me. Then she reverts to Southern snooty poshness.

She was bemoaning the lack of a decent chippy! :wink:
 
 
Was that in Gas Town in VAncouver?
 
 
No???...but I do know Gas Town in Vancouver, the clock, Dick on Dicks, why do you ask?  
 
 
smorgs is back !!! WAHEY !!!
 
 
Hiya gorgeous!

Back - but 'shagged out'...you?

X
 
 
On the subject of paying for our heritage, the current "suggested donation" for York Minster is £4.50, but (like in Bath it seems) local residents can get in free with our YorkCards, which you get from the council offices/library upon proof of local residency. A cool idea, IMO.
 
 
For Chester Cathedral, you pay £4.00 per person (adults) - but get a free 'guidePORT' audio tour of the Cathedral.
 
 
Machester was quite famous for... you know it: cotton... in the 18th/19th century.

This 'Manchester myth' led to the fact that a couple of towns and cities worldwide got (or took) the sobriquet 'Machester', too.

Only in case, you forget the one or the other, here's a list:

Australia :
Melbourne (" Manchester of Australia")

Belgium:
Gent ("Continental Manchester")
Roeselare ("Manchester of Flanders")
Molenbeek-Saint-Jean / Sint-Jans-Molenbeek ("the little Belgian Manchester")

Brasilia:
Juiz de Fora ("Manchester of Minas Gerais")

Bulgaria:
Gabrovo ("Manchester of Balkan"); Sliven ("Manchester of Bulgaria")

Canada:
Cambridge, Ontario [ex Galt] ("Manchester of Canada")

Czech Republic:
Liberec [ex Reichenberg] ("Manchester of Bohemia")

Germany:
Apolda ("Manchester of Thüringia")
Chemnitz [ex 'Karl-Marx-Stadt'] ("Manchester of Saxonia")
Mönchengladbach [ex München Gladbach]("Manchester of the Lower Rhine" / "Rhenish Manchester")

Finland:
Tampere ("Finish Manchester" / "Manchester of the North")

France: Lille ("French Manchester")
Mulhouse ([Mühlhausen]"Alsascian Manchester" ("French Manchster")
Roubaix ("Manchester of Francs")

Greece:
Athen ("Manchester of the South")

India:
Ahmedabad ("Manchester of the East")

Japan:
Osaka ("Manchester of the Orient")

Mexico:
Orizaba (" Manchester of Mexico")

Poland:
Bielsko-Biala [Bielitz-Biala] ("Silesian Manchester "); Lodz ("Manchester of the East" / "Manchester of Poland")

Russia:
Ivanovo ("Manchester of Russia" (after 1918 as well: "the red
Manchester"!)

Slovacia:
Brno [ex Brünn]: ("Manchester of Moravia")

Sweden:
Norrköping ("Manchester of Sweden")

Just in case that I forgot one - do you know of some more? (The only known online list is on the Dutch
 
 
I had no idea!...Walter, your posts are so informative!  
 
 
A pro pos the "Morawian Manchester":

one of the most "secret" places in Manchester seems to be the Fairfield Moravian Settlement in Droylsden

 Fairfield Moravian Settlement 
 
 
And whilst looking through my photos, this shows a kind of "living history", too :wink:

 
 
 
 http://www.billnkaz.demon.co.uk/moravian.htm 

A most interesting site...
 
 
Walter, where's that signpost?
 
 
In Stockport.
 
 
Did you know that Frankie Vaughn (Give me the Moonlight) once recorded a song about Stockport?

Needless to say it wasn't a hit. :wink:
 
 
No, I didn't (perhaps I'm to young to remember any of Frankie Vaughn's songs   ).
 
 
I wonder if Mr Sarah remembers Frankie Vaughan singing "Green Door". That's one of his earliest.

"Garden of Eden", that's another, a big hit in its day.

Walter, in what way is that signpost living history?
What do you mean by that?
 
 
My former teacher Wolfgang, who came from Fulda, said there was a type of cloth known to him (or to Fulda folks in earlier times) as "manchester".

Like a kind of corduroy or something, I'm not sure exactly what.

Hey, I've ordered a new computer for the McTags- isn't that exciting.
 
 
'Manchester'-trousers, e.g. were what are now cord trousers.

'Manchester cloth' (Manchester Stoff) is still commonly used in Austria, Switzerland and.... by elderly Germans.
 
 
 
A propos the "Moravian Manchester":

one of the most "secret" places in Manchester seems to be the Fairfield Moravian Settlement in Droylsden

 

It is little-known in Manchester because it's in Tameside. :wink:

           
 
 
Okay - but nevertheless it's

Droylsden, Manchester M43 6AE

:wink:
 
 
Manchester Postcode - it's in Manchester!

I on the other hand, I DO remember Frankie (my Mum was a fan)

Green Door was number one the day I was born!

My favourite Frankie? Tower of Strength :wink:
 
 
 
Manchester Postcode - it's in Manchester!

I on the other hand, I DO remember Frankie (my Mum was a fan)

Green Door was number one the day I was born!

My favourite Frankie? Tower of Strength :wink:
 

"There's an old pianna and they play it hot
Behind the green door
Donno what they're doin', but they laugh a lot
Behind the green door
Wish they would let me in, so I can find out what's
Behind the green door..."

Ah, GREATER Manchester you mean, Walter. Well why didn't you say that?  
 
 
Forgot that.  

"Industry and Integrity", btw, is the motto on Tameside's coat of arrms.
 
 
 
I on the other hand, I DO remember Frankie (my Mum was a fan)

Green Door was number one the day I was born!

My favourite Frankie? Tower of Strength :wink:
 

Frankie Vaughan was born Frank Abelson.

The story goes, when he was young his grandma, a European immigrant, said "Frankie, one day you will be the number VORN!" and so he chose that as his stage name.

He was a film star too, looked like Victor Mature. I think he was in a film with Diana Dors. Who looked a bit like Jayne Mansfield.
 
 
McTag

You've just reminded me of a wonderful insult some of the boys at school used to use:

"well you're Victor" (in ironic tone) meaning you're not very mature!

Takes me back.  

Not as much amusement caused at the time as when I was walking down the road with two of my best friends: A & T. T suddenly declared:

"I'm completely Marvin"

A and I were rather taken aback, as our minds searched for the rhyming slang reference...who's the most famous Marvin?  

"Are you telling us you're Gay(e)?"  

Much hilarity later - what a casual way to come out! - we discovered that he was referring to a mythical character "Starvin' Marvin", a very hungry man!  

Is rhyming slang just a London thing (from Cockney origins) or used more widely elsewhere in the UK?

For example, "it's all gone Pete Tong" (well known DJ) is now fairly standard for "it's all gone wrong".
 
 
McTag, AND he was in a film with Marilyn Monroe (and they had an affair)

Kitchenpete...I'm out tonight for a Ruby  
 
 
I've fond memories of an Indian restaurant outside London. Enjoy.
 
 
Ticomaya, I hereby pronounce you an honourary Mancunian!  

May have a Rogan, but apparently it has a different meaning in USA according to seed - something to do with a haircut?
 
 
Rhyming slang is definitely not only a London thing. It was used in Glasgow at least from the 1940s. (brassic=impecunious is one I remember.)

In fact, although it's always referred to as "Cockney", I wonder if it actually originated within the sound of bow legs?
 
 
 
Ticomaya, I hereby pronounce you an honourary Mancunian!  

May have a Rogan, but apparently it has a different meaning in USA according to seed - something to do with a haircut?
 

Not sure. Maybe Seed was thinking of Rogaine, which is a product used to combat hair loss? (I'm guessing, here.)
 
 
Oh I think that's it. :wink:
 
 
Okay....Manchester. We might go to Warrington today, to visit a music shop and to have a look in Marks and Spencers near IKEA because the gloves I bought herself before Christmas there are not quite the right size and when she puts them on she looks like Peter Schmeichel.
 
 
 ...Mornin' Mctag,

Why don't you go to the M&S in Handforth Dean? I think it's a nicer store, and it's near the new Lakeland shop where they do FAB (but pricey) lunches. Mrs Mctag will love it. Also it's near the big Next shop (loadsa bargains).

Have a nice day!  
 
 
Well, the best-laid plans and all that. Turns out- and I only found this out when she woke up- that she had taken the gloves back already and pocketed the cash. So I went back to bed and didn't wake up till eleven. So then we walked into Stockport to buy a new skin for Fred's banjo, some drawing pens, and some new shoes for her at the sales. But we didn't get any shoes, only some cheapo slippers for me because my Scholls were bust.
 
 
McTag,

Your post made me laugh...it reminded me of me and my sister laughing over bizarre shopping lists. I once sent her to the shops for: A tin of anchovies, a 60watt lightbulb and a stapler (make of that recipe what you will).

But yours beats the lot: Banjo skin, drawing pins and a pair of shoes!  

Has Mrs Mctag been to Lakeland yet? (if you can get in the carpark...loads of 'ladies who lunch' in 4 x 4's). I love it. Went the other day when Ruth came back from NY...bought some luxury clothespegs!

Mrs M would love it...it would have the most butch lesbian feminist drooling over their kitchen wares!  
 
 
Smorgs you champion! Hope you had a great Christmas. I wish you all the best for 2005. Thanks for being a great buddy. Hope everything in Manchester is AOK.
 
 
Bloody hell, a newcomer. Welcome Ceara. Any friend of Sarah is a friend of us. If I may be so presumptious as to welcome you to her own thread, that is.

Everything in Manchester is fine; the weather today, and City won 3-1 yesterday.
 
 
Ahem,

I don't know who ceara is!  

So I don't know if I'm their buddy!

ceara - who are you?
 
 
60 Minutes (on CBS) is running a story on Tim Howard, the American goalie playing that "other" football team in Manchester... Manchester United.
 
 
Ticomaya...seeing as if your an honourary Mancunian, I am prepared to forgive your use of the U word on this thread!

Say sorry now...there's a good boy  

Any further use of the U word, will be swiftly followed by a smacked botty! :wink:
 
 
Up quite early, smorgs, today. :wink:

(McTag will praise you re 'U'!   )
 
 
Henceforth, should the need arise, I shall only refer to it as " that other team." :wink:
 
 
Tim Howard is a brilliant goalkeeper, though he has suffered a dip in form recently.

Unusually, he is suffering from a mild form of Touret's Syndrome, I learned somewhere. It doesn't seem to affect his playing ability, though.
 
 
Got up for a brew and to close the bedroom window...the lure of A2K is strong.........

And curiosity about ceara!

I've sent them a PM asking who they are...we'll see :wink:
 
 
Top of the morning to you smorgy! Got your pm. Would reply to it if I could but the system doesn't let me.

By the way what city was "our friends in the north" filmed about?
 
 
Welcome, ceara

I think it is Newcastle:  http://www.tvtome.com/OurFriendsintheNorth/  seems to say so, as well.

KP
 
 
Your a total legend Kitchen Pete. Thanks for that site. Christopher Eccleston is a fantastic actor. Daniel Casey looks deifferent in that site to midsomer murders.
 
 
I remember finding Gina McKee very sexy in OFITN as well.  
 
 
ceara,

Please tell me who you are! No-one EVER calls me smorgy...you imply that you know me...from where?

Why am I your buddy?

Please reply on this thread (if you can't reply to a PM).

It's not fair to come on like you know me and then not say anything else.

Cheers!

smorgs.
 
 
Mystery admirers !!!

Ooooooooooooooh how exciting !
 
 
And maybe even from "australia".
 
 
I don't know anybody in Australia!  
 
 
