 
 
So who should be #1? And who should play in the Sugar Bowl?
 
 
Oklahoma got knocked off big time.

USC won big time -- and so did LSU.

The National Championship picture is all screwed up.

What are your thoughts?
 
 
What sport are you discussing here?
 
 
American College football, Wilso.
 
 
USC vs. OU SHOULD be the match up, but I think USC is number 1 in both polls and will still be shafted by the BCS.

PLAYOFF, SWITCH TO A PLAYOFF NCAA!
 
 
1. I say LSU and USC

2. I also think D-IA football should set up a 16-24 team playoff tourney!
 
 
Nope, that playoff is WAY to big, plus it would make the regular season obsolete, which isn't a good thing. It should just be the top 8 teams.....that would be perfect.
 
 
USC got punk'd.

They should get to play for the national champeenship against OU.
 
 
I cannot get over the fact that they passed over USC. What a bunch of bull.
 
 
There is gonna be a split National Championship.
 
 
LSU DESERVES
NO WAY ARE YOU GUYS CRAZY!!!!!!!!LSU SHOULD GO THEY HAD A MUCH TOUGHER SCHEDULE THAN !!USC AND OKLAMHOM

LETS SEE.. GEORGIA TWICE FLORIDA, OLE MISS, TENNESSEE!!!!!!! WHAT CAN U ASK FOR ALL WERE IN THE TOP 25 ONCE THIS YEAR
 
 
Well since me Huskers are at the Alamo - I'm going to go with LSU or Oklahoma.

I just don't think USC plays the same comp.
 
 
Who has OU played other than Texas??

USC and OU should play each other.
 
 
OU played:
Alabama W 20-13
Fresno State W 52-28
UCLA W 59-24
Iowa State W 53-7
Texas W 65-13
Missouri W 34-13
Colorado W 34-20
Oklahoma State W 52-9
Texas A&M W 77-0
Baylor W 41-3
Texas Tech W 56-25
Kansas State L 35-7
 
 
USC played:
Auburn W 23-0
BYU W 35-18
Hawaii W 61-32
California L 34-31
Arizona State W 37-17
Stanford W 44-21
Notre Dame W 45-14
Washington W 43-23
Washington State W 43-16
Arizona W 45-0
UCLA W 47-22
Oregon State W 52-28
 
 
I think it's great that there may be two No. 1's. In fact, I liked it the way it was before the BCS. Let the polls decide, or not decide, who's No. 1. Was it so awful the way it was not so long ago?

There's just too much neurosis about the issue--and believe me, I love college football!
 
 
Playoffs aren't far away.
 
 
GEAX TIGERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 
I spent some time in Louisiana this past holiday weekend (off the beaten path -- Lake Charles, Alexandria, Monroe) and everybody there is just nuts for the Tiges.

Mom is an LSU alum.

If they're good enough to knock off Oklahoma, they get my vote as #1.

Welcome, dancingpan.
 
 
If USC wins, there will be two teams with 1 loss records and no game to decide the difference -

Go   beat LSU !!!!!!  
 
 
For sure, go OU, even though I am a Husker fan
 
 
Last night was a good night - I'm a Big 12 fan  
 
 
As I said earlier, I think USC got screwed.

I understand the mechanics of the deal -- but I still consider it a screwing.

If USC wins its game, I expect co-national champions.
 
 
By the by...

...I've been a dedicated pro-football fan for many, many years -- and have considered the college game a distant second best.

It ain't that way anymore.

The college game is terrific -- and arguably more exciting than the pro game.
 
 
USC - LSU - OU

Leave the one out that would not be screwed  
 
 
 
USC - LSU - OU

Leave the one out that would not be screwed  
 

Don't hafta.

It's the system that is flawed.

Someone would have gotten screwed!
 
 
My plan - but would never happen:

1. Country divided into 16 team conferences that are sub divided into two 8 team divisions.

2. Division champions play each other to decide conference champions.

3. Now you have an 8 team playoff to determine the champion - call these the "major" bowls.

4. Four other games outside of division against traditional rivals, other home state teams and traditional powers of ones own choosing that don't affect standings. Of course, early season warmup games against easy teams to get chemistry and timing down will be inserted here.

5. Teams that aren't in the championship series play other season ending games ("minor" bowls) as matched up.
 
 
Sounds good to me.

I've come to love college football -- and the more games available, the better I like it.

It could become too commercial -- but in reality, it already is. This is not about college -- but about football.
 
 
And, if I may, about kids. The only thing that gets in the way of the game is ego -
 
 
 
My plan - but would never happen:

1. Country divided into 16 team conferences that are sub divided into two 8 team divisions.

2. Division champions play each other to decide conference champions.

3. Now you have an 8 team playoff to determine the champion - call these the "major" bowls.

4. Four other games outside of division against traditional rivals, other home state teams and traditional powers of ones own choosing that don't affect standings. Of course, early season warmup games against easy teams to get chemistry and timing down will be inserted here.

5. Teams that aren't in the championship series play other season ending games ("minor" bowls) as matched up.
 

I don't know about nationwide realignment, but I think the NCAA will switch to something similar to that in a few years.
 
 
I kinda doubt it. It appears that there maybe a form of "Championship" Bowls; but, until there is equality in determining who qualifies and how, the system will always be a sham.
 
 
With all that said, Im still watching all the major Bowl games.
 
 
USC made their case.

This Sugar Bowl is jumping early...

Now 21-7 Tigers in the third after the interception. They have the momentum.
 
 
Looks like OU didn't deserve the birth.
 
 
I read in the NY Times today that the BCS chief acknowledges that the system has to be tweaked. His idea is to have a committee of some sort pick the teams that play the big game, kind of how the NCAA basketball draw is created. Another idea would be eliminate teams that aren't conference champs--this wouldhave kept OU out this year.

IMHO, if they're going to have a committee pick the teams, it will lead to just as much controversy as there ever was. Why not go back to the two polls making their picks, as in pre-BCS days? That's what happened this year, anyhow...
 
 
Ahhh...I'm reasonably happy with the way things turned out.

USC has half the National Championship -- and I think most people realized they probably should have played in the Sugar Bowl

But the Rose Bowl worked out -- and the chinks in the BCS armor were made evident -- and probably will be worked over.

Gotta look at the silver lining!
 
 
Oh how I HATE LSU!
 
 
Can't really hate, I do wish OU came to play four quarters though. My brother who lives in Louisiana called me to say how bad OU looked and how great LSU looked. I pointed out that OU almost won - so OU's worst was almost as good as LSU's best  

In my opinion, in LSU's last series where the ruled the pass and incompletion, it was a completion. He had caught the ball, took a stwp, was hit and fumbled. But, that said, it is history and past -

Congratulations to LSU and USC. I remember from the game that OU, LSU and USC all have very young teams! Provided that not many go to the pro's, next year could be very interesting.....
 
 
Agreed, Bill.
 
 
I don't think that the major BCS Bowl games should be played in one of the competing teams home states. It was a HUGE disadvantage for OU to play in New Orleans against LouisianaSU, same for Michigan against USC. It just isn't fair.
 
 
Luck of the draw CoL, I hear what you say; but it is the luck of the draw.

I always appreciate a game where both teams come to play. I don't think I saw a single Bowl game this year where both teams were on top of their game. If a team is on top of their game, it doesn't matter where the game is played........
 
 
We just got spoiled by the greatest college championship game ever played, last year...

Miami vs. Ohio State.

The only thing I wish is that USC coulda played LSU. Anywhere.
 
 
See my formula above. It's not pure realignment, most of the conferences will be the same - it's that the cream puff ones will have some charge put into them so that they would have justification......

As Bob Stoops said, make it a rule at the beginning of the year and we will play by it.......
 
 
No disadvantage for Michigan to play USC in the Rose Bowl. Probably more Michigan fans there than USC fans, escaping the bad weather. By the way, the Rose Bowl is UCLA's home stadium.

I've been to three Rose Bowls that Michigan lost, and this loss was not unexpected. A lot of those kids are midwestern boys that have never been that far from home before. They get all star struck by the change of scenery, the people, the weather, the mountains, the beaches, the cars. And then they play lackluster football. Nothing new.
 
 
Wish there was a formula for "lackluster football"....

One thing for sure, it is wrong to have a game 4-6 weeks after the last game, that's another thing that needs to be cured  
 
 
 
By the way, the Rose Bowl is UCLA's home stadium.

 

Still in CALIFORNIA though right? They are the University of Southern CALIFORNIA right? Quite an advantage for the team from CALIFORNIA.
 
 
 
We just got spoiled by the greatest college championship game ever played, last year...

Miami vs. Ohio State.

The only thing I wish is that USC coulda played LSU. Anywhere.
 

It was a very VERY good National Title, but I wouldn't say the best. The best in my opinion was the 1982(I think) National Title with Nebraska playing Miami, and Nebraska goes for two at the end of the game to win! What balls Tom Osbourne showed on that night! Even though he didn't make it.
 
 
If USC had any home field advantage it was because of the presence of their full band. That fight song is enough to make any non-USC fan (and some of their own) nauseaus.
 
 
Couldn't agree more, cjhsa, re the USC fight song, or whatever that relentless riff is that they keep playing. Must be inspiring to be in that college band...
 
 
 
If USC had any home field advantage it was because of the presence of their full band. That fight song is enough to make any non-USC fan (and some of their own) nauseaus.
 

I too agree on that one.
 
 
 
If USC had any home field advantage it was because of the presence of their full band. That fight song is enough to make any non-USC fan (and some of their own) nauseaus.
 

This is true of any major University's fight song, IMHO. They just drone on and on and on.......

BTW, the OU fight song words are tremendously nauseating to boot:

 
BOOMER SOONER!
(The University of Oklahoma Fight Song)

Boomer Sooner, Boomer Sooner
Boomer Sooner, Boomer Sooner
Boomer Sooner, Boomer Sooner
Boomer Sooner, O K U

Oklahoma, Oklahoma
Oklahoma, Oklahoma
Oklahoma, Oklahoma
Oklahoma, O K U

I'm a Sooner born
and a Sooner bred
and when I die
I'll be Sooner dead!

Rah, Oklahoma!
Rah, Oklahoma!
Rah, Oklahoma! O-K-U!
 
 
 
I love the Sooner fight song, Sooner dead indeed.
 
 
But, the 150th time in the last 20 minutes, yech!!!!!!
 
 
Michigan and Notre Dame have decent and original fight songs. USC's is the worst by far.
 
 
Is this a winner   Time will tell -

 
Friday, January 9, 2004

Associated Press
LINCOLN, Neb. -- Bill Callahan is the new coach at Nebraska, ending a long search to fill the vacancy at one of college football's premier programs.

The former Oakland Raiders coach was introduced at a news conference Friday.

"This is a very exciting moment in my life," Callahan said. "My vision for this program is to take its success and improve upon its success."

Callahan succeeds Frank Solich, who was fired after ending the regular season 9-3.
 
 
 
Im a Nebraska fan, and Im pretty satified with the selection. Big Bill isn't the greatest mind in football, but he can motivate a player to give it his all. I don't know how he will do in the recruiting process, but I'm sure he can bribe the recruit with Jerry Rice, Tim Brown, Rod and Charles Woodson autographs.
 
 
 I just love it when when people who have coached me make the news 

Barry Alvarez was my coach in High School.

And then there is some discussion about huskers
 
 
CotL, I have heard that one of Callahan's best talents from the past is recruiting - and to get people to Nebraska, you gotta be good  
 
 
Prestige baby, it's all about Prestige!
 
 
Tradition  
 
 
Yep, Nebraska has it all!
 
 
Especially what all college football players want.....drunk college girls  
 
 
I hear that was one of Solich's problems    
 
 
