 
 
To all NON-OXBRIDGE students...
 
 
if you HAD to apply to either Cambridge or Oxford, which would it be and why?
 
 
its hard to choose i mean their both prestigous university's but between the both i would go for Oxford simply for the course i want to study.
 
 
Oxford, because I prefer the course and the place to Cambridge.
 
 
Cambridge, because it's reputation for natural sciences is slightly better, and I've never really liked the more political nature of Oxford.

I was very close to applying, but given that I couldn't even meet UCL's offer it's perhaps best that I didn't bother  

Maybe for postgraduate study  
 
 
Oxford, just because all my friends wanted to apply for Cambridge and I would want to be different (although only one of them actually is now, the others decided they wouldn't get the grades for either).
 
 
I always support cambridge in the boat race... so er, cambridge.
 
 
Oxford only 'cause it's closer and was always under the impression it was number 1 and Cambridge number 2 when I was growing up.
 
 
I'm not sure....... Might go for Cambridge.
 
 
Eenie meenie minie mo.....
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Spinnerette
Oxford only 'cause it's closer and was always under the impression it was number 1 and Cambridge number 2 when I was growing up.

 

Haa, same here. I don't even know why I thought Oxford was better, I just did.
 
 
Cambridge, because I've heard they are more geared towards the sciences. Though if I got into any I would be ecstatic as they are both prestigious and highly rated.
 
 
Cambridge  
 
 
Cambridge. They don't do architecture at Oxford.
 
 
Cambridge   My dad went there, and I prefer it as a place. I didn't look into either of them closely enough to be able to judge on the course though.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by lizlaz350
Haa, same here. I don't even know why I thought Oxford was better, I just did.

 

Same I don't know why either  . I suppose it's always the one people mention, in everyday talk and in the news and Cambridge to me seems more of a dark horse because I know little about it compared to Oxford. But to me I'd be happy with either of them only because I love places rich in history.
 
 
Oxford.
But both are not the 1st choice for my interest.

Rather Imperial.
Rather MIT. Oh yeah.
 
 
I would probably go with Cambridge. Apparently only the very most awesome people go there. Yep...
 
 
 
Originally Posted by lizlaz350
Haa, same here. I don't even know why I thought Oxford was better, I just did.

 

That's funny I live closer to Cambridge and I always though that was better  
Probably Oxford is more arts and Cambridge sciences.
 
 
Whichever won the last boat race.
 
 
oxford for the course. But I might go for postgraduate.
 
 
I think oxford has the best reputation, but ill always says go on the times online course table and see whos top, top for your subject is all that matters, unless you have/want to have a large ego either will boost it majorly.
 
 
Cambridge. Just seem to prefer it for some reason  
 
 
I believe Oxford is slightly better for Politics, and Cambridge is too close to home. So Oxford I suppose.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by effyeffyeffy
if you HAD to apply to either Cambridge or Oxford, which would it be and why?

 

I think Cambridge. I don't know whether it's just an imago I have about the place, but I have been to both cities and like both, but I just feel as though Cambridge is a nicer place to be. It's also nearer to where I live, which isn't an issue, but I also have some cousins nearby   Also think some other cousins graduated from Cambridge, so keep it in the family  
 
 
Cambridge, I went there last saturday and its absolutely beautiful
 
 
Cambridge if I had to choose. Though course wise, there is far too much literature and not enough cultural modules to interest me really  
 
 
Cambridge.
 
 
Neither. Is it my turn now?

if you HAD to pour either itching powder or ants down your pants, which would it be and why?
 
 
Not oxford, I had an allergic reaction after touching one of the chapel walls there D:
 
 
cambridge is by far better than oxford. However i'd still apply to oxford, 2 reasons, they want AAA whereas cambridge want A*AA. and mainly because oxford do the optimal course for me
 
 
Cambridge - Cambridge is actually better than Oxford historically. It also has SLIGHTLY more prestige. Some people may think Oxford is better just because of the recent rankings lol

Yeah, but both are amazing.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Shippy
I always support cambridge in the boat race... so er, cambridge.

 

This was my reason also!
 
 
Cambridge! I liked that boat ride on the river  
 
 
cambridge is better for mathematics/science

so cambridge

although i wouldn't really want to go to either even if my grades were up to standard
 
 
Downing College, Cambridge.
 
 
I used to live in Cambridge, so on the one hand I'd love to have the opportunity to spend time there again, but Oxford is also very beautiful and it might be nice to be somewhere new.
If forced to choose I would have to go for Oxford.
 
 
I prefer Cambridge as a Uni as I have fam that live there so its more personal etc. However I do prefer the course on offer at Oxford...
 
 
Cambridge because it's closer.
 
 
Oxford, becuase I think of cambridge being more sciences, adn oxford more arts.
 
 
Cambridge. It didnt seem as busy as Oxford and the people were more friendly.
 
 
Cambridge, applied last year and the town was just amazing. Massve buzz in the interview!
 
 
Which ever one Daniel Faraday from Lost was at!
 
 
Which one is Number 1 in the rankings this year? I don't really give a **** anyway because both of them are full of snobs. Uni is meant to be fun not to be bored to death by the stuck up.
 
 
Cambridge because it is beautiful.
 
 
Oxford- simply because if somebody asked me to pick the "best university in england" I would say Oxford. I don't know why, because I know very little about either uni- but I've been brought up with people saying to me "you could go to Oxford one day".. even though I went off the rails & never reached my full potential :P
 
 
Cambridge...because I like the name better!!!

If I did another degree I would apply to Warwick again though!
 
 
Cambridge  
 
 
Oxford... Like the name more  
 
 
Cambridge
 
 
Cambridge, best uni for maths in the country. Also it's so beautiful.
 
 
I flipped a coin to decide. True story.
 
 
Cambridge, because a girl that I need goes there.
 
 
Cambridge for engineering, just based on ratings, I doubt I'd fund much difference between the 2, not that I've really looked into it...
 
 
 
Originally Posted by failingatm
Eenie meenie minie mo.....

 

Oxford, yo.
 
 
