 
 
J-Woww's face on WWHL
 
 
Umm......

Wish I had a pic. Did she have surgery? Or get a new face?

She said she had nothing done but "laser-resurfacing".....um, ok.
 
 
I'm not buying it.
 
 
Snooki tweeted a photo of Jwoww and herself and WOOOOWWW did she look completely different! And, no pun intended.
 
 
Woww. bahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
 
 
 
I saw this pic from Snooki's twittter today and yikes, Jwoww, yikes.
 
 
she resembles sophia vergara in that pic a little bit. i liked her natural face better though.
 
 
She looks nothing like the jwow in the opening credits of jersey shore. Totally different gal!
 
 
She definatly had some work done.
 
 
She had some work done. Don't understand why won't admit to it.
 
 
She looks weird now. I saw a "stripped down" photoshoot she did in a magazine once, with like less makeup and non-trashy clothes and she was actually really pretty.
 
 
I don't get why someone so young would want to get so much work done to their face.
 
 
 
I don't get why someone so young would want to get so much work done to their face.
 

Insecurity is the reason. She probably felt, as a big fish in a small pond, she was pretty (and she was), but now that she is a small fish in a HUGE pond, she has to elevate herself. She's made some good money fast and had the financial ability to address it.
 
 
It looks like she got cheek implants, chin narrowing, and an eye lift.
 
 
 
She looks weird now. I saw a "stripped down" photoshoot she did in a magazine once, with like less makeup and non-trashy clothes and she was actually really pretty.

 

Same with Snooki... I just don't get it.
 
 
She looks not so great....I loved Andy's reaction "but you can't really move your forehead"....ya he wasn't buying it either...haha
 
 
Wow she looks older now, I kind of liked her face before. Maybe cheek fillers?
 
 
Heidi Montag Part II
 
 
Heidi 2.0.....lol
 
 
That pic that is posted looks better err.. than what she looked like on the actual WWHL show. I thought she had that post plastic surgery shiny (swollen) look. Had little movement in her lips too. I think she is going for the sofia thingie. They even had the lights on the show kind of dim too... Hmm!
 
 
She doesn't even look like the same person anymore. I thought she was beautiful as is. It's a shame she's done such drastic things to her face.
 
 
