 
 
Ralph Peters mugged
 
 
 Ralph Peters mugged by reality       
Ralph Peters, call your office: "a rotten core of American extremists" is out to make it harder for moderate Muslims again, just as   you warned us in 2006  that they would do.

That's right, Ralph, "right-wing extremists bent on discrediting honorable conservatism" are "insisting that Islam can never reform, that the violent conquest and subjugation of unbelievers is the faith's primary agenda

- and, when you read between the lines, that all Muslims are evil and subhuman."

And this time, Ralph, the nasty right-wing extremist is writing right in your own  New York Pos  t.

He claims that "our insistence that 'Islam's a religion of peace' would have been cold comfort to the family members of those passengers had the bomb detonated as planned." He even goes so far as to say:

"We proclaim that the terrorists 'don't represent Islam.' OK, whom do they represent? The Franciscans? We don't get to decide what's Islam and what isn't. Muslims do.

And far too many of them approve of violent jihad." In a frenzy of  what you have called  "self-important net-dweller hate-porn," he makes the outrageous claim that "we're not just fighting men but a plague of faith."

Get him, Colonel! Get that bigot! His name is...wait for it...  Ralph Peters .

It looks as if reality has caught up to yet another self-righteous Islam-Is-A-Religion-of-Peacer.

Now, when I pointed out a similar shift by the equally befuddled Dinesh D'Souza, some admonished me to be more gracious, to welcome the former miscreant into the fold of those telling the truth, and to portray their change as a growth in knowledge and perceptiveness rather than a craven flip-flop.

And certainly I am ready to disregard the vicious personal invective both Peters and D'Souza have sent my way -- these are not personal issues, and I understand how being proven wrong so spectacularly can cause some to lash out.

The problem is that guys like this want to have it both ways. In private and in some public settings they say that they know there's a problem with Islamic doctrine; in other public settings they say that Islam is a Religion of Peace™ and that the Bible is just as likely as the Qur'an to inspire violence, etc. I will happily debate either Peters or D'Souza on these issues, anytime, anywhere.

But I'm not going to give them three cheers for stating the obvious several years too late, and only when it is so painfully obvious that it cannot any longer be ignored or obfuscated.
 
 
On Christmas Day, an Islamist fanatic tried to blow up an airplane whose passengers were mostly Christians. And we helped.

Our government gets no thanks for preventing a tragedy. Only the bomber's ineptitude preserved the lives of nearly 300 innocents.

How did we help Umar Abdulmutallab, a wealthy Muslim university graduate who decided that Allah wanted him to slaughter Christians on their most joyous holiday?

By continuing to lie to ourselves. Although willing -- at last -- to briefly use the word "terror," yesterday President Obama still refused to make a connection between the action, the date and Islam.

Was it just a ticketing accident that led to a bombing attempt on Christmas? Was it all about blackout dates and frequent-flyer miles?

It wasn't. You know it. And I know it. But our government refuses to know it. Despite vast databases crammed with evidence, our leaders -- of both parties -- still refuse to connect Islamist terrorism with Islam.

Our insistence that "Islam's a religion of peace" would have been cold comfort to the family members of those passengers had the bomb detonated as planned.

Abdulmutallab's own father warned our diplomats that his son had been infected by Islamist extremism. Our diplomats did nothing. Why? Because (despite a series of embassy bombings) the State Department dreads linking terrorism to Islam.

Contrast our political correctness with Abdulmutallab's choice of Christmas for his intended massacre. Our troops stand down on Muslim holidays. A captive terrorist merely has to claim that a soldier dog-eared a Koran, and it's courts-martial all around.

We proclaim that the terrorists "don't represent Islam." OK, whom do they represent? The Franciscans? We don't get to decide what's Islam and what isn't. Muslims do. And far too many of them approve of violent jihad.

It gets worse. Instead of focusing on the religious zeal and inspiration of our enemies and how such motivations change the game, our "terrorism experts" agonize over whether such beasts as Abdulmutallab or Maj. Hasan, the Fort Hood assassin for Allah, are really members of al Qaeda or not.

As a Sunday Post editorial pointed out, al Qaeda's far more than a formal organization; it's an idea, a cause. If a terrorist says he's al Qaeda, he is, even if he doesn't have a union card from Jihadi Local 632.

We're dealing with a global Muslim movement, not a Masons' lodge.

And that "global" aspect is especially worrying. Despite limited Special Operations strikes beyond our recognized combat zones, we still don't accept the nature of the threat from jet-set jihadis. Our leaders and our military are obsessed with holding ground in Afghanistan -- even though al Qaeda's growth areas are in Yemen and Africa.

We voluntarily tie ourselves down, while our enemies focus on mobility. Worse, we've convinced ourselves that development aid (the left's all-purpose medicine) is the key to defeating al Qaeda.

That's utter nonsense. Abdulmutallab's a rich kid. He didn't come from a deprived background, bearing the grievances of the slum. He's a graduate of a top English university. And Osama bin Laden's from a super-rich family. How does building a footbridge in Afghanistan deter them?

Most of our home-grown Islamist terrorists hail from middle-class families -- such monsters as Maj. Hasan or the Virginia virgin-chasers under arrest in Pakistan (where jail conditions are a lot worse than at Guantanamo -- can't we just leave 'em there?).

This isn't a revolt of the wretched of the earth. These terrorists are the Muslim-fanatic versions of Bill Ayers and the Weathermen, pampered kids unhappy with the world. Al Qaeda's big guns are re- belling against privilege. There's a lot of Freud in this fundamentalism.

Spoiled brats remade their god in their own vengeful image. And we have to kill them. This one really is a zero-sum game.

We're not just fighting men but a plague of faith. Until Washington accepts that, we'll continue to reap a low return on our investments of blood and treasure.

On Christmas Day, a Muslim fanatic attempted to butcher hundreds of Christians (dead Jews would've been a bonus). Our response? Have airport security analyze the contents of grandma's mini-bottle of shampoo -- we don't want to "discriminate."

Read more:  Lying to ourselves - NYPOST.com 
 
 
Who should we profile elderly Japanese ladies? Ralph nailed it again
 
 
With our lies, self-deception and self-flagellation, we're terror's little helpers.

Read more:  Lying to ourselves - NYPOST.com 
 
 
Those who believe Islam to be a religion of peace are ignorant of history. It began essentially in war, was propagated by war and reached it's highwater mark outside the gates of Vienne in the 1680's while at war with Austria and its European allies.

When it wasn't at war with Christians and Jews it was at war with Hindus and Buddhists.
 
 
Some one should have killed him right on the plane
 
 
 
Some one should have killed him right on the plane

 

Yeah, but only after he experienced a thorough charring of his nuts. Just think how nicely those smelly 72 virgins might have soothed such pain. And if there was still a bit of flame about they might have lost some of that unsightly facial hair.
 
 
Google:

Results 1 - 10 of about 425,000 for muslim outcry against islamists

Results 1 - 10 of about 3,070,000 for obama rezko.

Results 1 - 10 of about 28,600,000 for brittany murphy

Yeah, you might want to ask where the missing Muslim outrage is?
 
 
