 
 
Softball
 
 
Edit: Moderator: Moved from General to Sports

Well does anyone play slow pitch or fast pitch softball? I do. What is your favorite part of the game? What team do you play for? What positon do you play? Need any tips or any help on anything? Just tell me!
 
 
You know, I played softball many years ago on a coed team and it was a blast. But now when I watched the College World Series( I was rooting for the Seminoles!) I couldn't believe how precise the pitchers were. Doesn't that fast-pitch motion tear up a girls arm?
 
 
softball
Oh. Really? That's cool. I've never play co-ed before. I bet that was fun. What position did you play?
Well I play short stop for my fast pitch school and travel team.
Well it can eventually hurt their arm, but as long as they do the right form it stays fine.
 
 
I played third base...mostly cause I had to guard half as much field as the shortstop and secondbase man. Still, the ball would come at me like a meteor, a painful meteor.
 
 
I played last night with the galls from work. Was my first time (for softball, I'd played baseball before).

I'll prolly join the league, it was fun.

We play self-pitch. I played 3rd base but dunno where I'll get stuck at.
 
 
Craven What the heck is 'self-pitch'?

I played recreational softball for years (baseball as a kid), until I developed osteo in my two big toes, making acceleration off of the balls of my feet extremely painful (so, fielding and base-running). Made the school softball team in grade 3 (I'm bragging now...everyone else was grade 6 but for two grade 5 guys).

Played short-stop from Little Leaque on without exception. It was a position I was good at and which I loved far more than any other...meteors, like Panzade speaks of, and the responsibility for covering second and third as well. There are quite a number of plays I made, both individually and in unison with others, that I remember with wonderful joy. Were it not for the toes, I'd still be playing.

One evening, about thirty years ago, myself and three others (mixed gender) snuck into a community pool to skinny-dip. We got busted by a Mountie. As it turned out, he was playing for the Cops team in a league which included my own team, a group of motley hippies, and he recognized me and let us off. We won the league, by the way.
 
 
I used to play center field on a church co-ed team (I belonged to neither the church nor the religion, but I had friends who did) since I was faster than almost everyone from any of the teams. It was really easy to score in-the-park home runs. But, then again, it was co-ed church league softball... Still, I rocked at that game!!
 
 
 
Craven What the heck is 'self-pitch'?
 

I might have used an incorrect term.

What I'd intended to describe was that the batter and the pitcher are on the same team.

Made it easy and fun, I spent the whole night trying to line drive right into the pitcher (fellow IT guy from the office).
 
 
LOL...yeah, targetting can be fun.

I've not played that variation, but lot's of slow-pitch ball.
 
 
 
I played last night with the galls from work.
 

 
Craven What the heck is 'self-pitch'?
 

what the heck are "galls"??  

oh, wimmins-folk?
 
 
  Well that is cool. My first fastpitch game for school in on Thursday! I am so excited. Last year we went undefeated and won in the tournament!
Today we are going to practice, but that is about it.
 
 
Softball is not popular in China anyway.

Well Curlyq012345 come to china and you may share your favorite sports with us and let it grow and yield fruit on our soil!  
What a great plan!
 
 
How about no!  
 
 
 

sorry
 
 
Lol. It's ok.. I just didn't really understand what u were talking about.  
 
 
 

oh look at that, was i drunk while i was typing?  
(BTW, i never have drinks   )

Ok forget that.

I just meant you could go to china and make the baseball popular in China :winkl:
 
 
I haven't played softball, but I recently joined (and more recently droped) my uni baseball team.
In Mexico softball isn't a popular sport  
Although I don't have a lot of experience, I made it to SS, and I'm looking forward to keep on playing.
Anyway, I'm moving to Germany and I wonder if anyone knows if somebody plays baseball or softball in Germany? I only know that their baseball team didn't made it to the Olympics, (but I don't know about softball).

By the way, John-Bush, Do you think that China will make a team for the forecoming Olympics? I think they will
 
 
Agree  
actually we REALLY have a softball team.
They were just not good enough to get the ticket of Olimpics this time.  
 
 
Softball Kicks Ass

 
When the games over, leave it on the field.
 

Thats the best quote I have ever heard and I try to remeber it every time something goes bad...... I play softball... I am a shortstop... and pitcher (fastpitch)..... I love the game and its the best one out there.....          

ss-softball  
 
 
welcome to A2K ss
 
 
Softball is a game that boys and girls can play together and that was always nice. I was a tomboy and played softball practically every day during the summers. Not organized ball. Neighborhood pickup games. (I don't think there were any coed leagues back in the 60's.) I was a good catcher and fast so it was always wise to put me on first base.

I tagged out many, many, many guys. They hated being tagged out by a girl. haha  
 
 
 
Anyway, I'm moving to Germany and I wonder if anyone knows if somebody plays baseball or softball in Germany?

 

Yes, there are some teams in Germay playing Softball and Baseball ;-).

Are you moving to or near Munich?. That would be great, because we are looking for new Softballplayers for the 2005 season(starting April).

cu

Erni
Softballcoach
Gröbenzell Bandits
(Gröbenzell is a small town in the suburbs of Munich)

check  www.baseball-softball.de  for other teams
 
 
Welcome to A2K ernie. Recruiting softball players for a team in Germany: Ain't the internet a wondrous thing?
 
 
I played softball for many years, that's how my ankles got so crappy...started as a catcher in fastpitch...practice one day,waiting for the coach to bring the catcher equipment, we decided to have some batting practice, first ball my teammate hit was a foul tip right in my mouth full of braces, not a good thing to have a catcher that flinches...but i loved the game...dreams of growing up an playing professionally...at the time there wasn't any professional women's teams...that came along when i turned 25 i think...by then i was playing slow pitch ball..I have played every position but 3rd and SS...have to extremely quick to play 3rd or SS...but I think the game is fantastic..I try to catch the College World Series every year...:-)
 
 
 
Welcome to A2K ernie. Recruiting softball players for a team in Germany: Ain't the internet a wondrous thing?
 

thanx

in Germany, you have to try everything possible to get new softball players :wink:

And players from other countries can help a lot  

Erni
 
 
 
first ball my teammate hit was a foul tip right in my mouth full of braces
 

I was catching in warm up and i missed the ball with my glove. it hit me square in my forehead. i had a nice goose egg with the stitches imprinted. it looked like a highway.

I play fastpitch for my high school. last year i played 3rd, 2nd and SS. this year i might try catching tho. i did it over the summer for the summer league team. it was a blast. i cant wait til february so i can get practicing.
 
 
Welcome, and be sure to post some results.
 
 
Christmas is over im ready to start softball. but unfortunately i must wait a few months.
 
 
Im soo happy open gyms start tomorrow. softball is my way of venting, like some people write and that, and im glad that i will get to release some of the stress i have. also im excited to meet the new coach and see who alls going out for the team. ill keep ya updated on how we do.
 
 
Good deal!
 
 
the team looks decient this year. the coaches are awesome. one of my summer coaches is a new high school coach. its a totally different coaching style(more laid back and fun) than last year(strict and enduring). some new prospect coming out this year. should be interesting to see who makes it. offical season starts monday. we might go far this year. lets hope!
 
 
