 
 
Judge 'caught using penis pump'
 
 
Edit (Moderator): Moved from General to Human Interest Stories

Judge 'caught using penis pump'

A judge in America is reportedly facing the sack after using a penis pump while trying cases in court.

Donald Thompson, 57, was seen fumbling beneath his robes under his bench.

Witnesses claim they heard 'whooshing' noises, and a police officer said he saw the judge pumping a tube between his legs.

Court clerk Lisa Foster says Thompson's manouevrings meant she saw his penis at least 20 times.

The judge, who presides at Creek County Court in Oklahoma, said the gadget, used to extend the penis, was a 'gag gift' from a friend.

But the district attorney wants him sacked for his 'moral turpitude'.
 
 
I was just fumbling beneath my robe on a bench this morning. Except it was at a bus stop. You can get into a lot of trouble if you are not careful.

I was wondering what goes on in Oklahoma. Is this gadget for the purpose of getting off? Or is it just supposed to make it longer?
 
 
Gargamel, don't play stupid...go back to pumping yourself up.
 
 
The nerve! Just wait a mintue now...

Okay, I will.
 
 
he tried to hide it by getting a pump shaped like a gavel.
suspicions were aroused when he repeatedly yelled "order in the court!" during otherwise quiet moments...
 
 
Oklahoma is the place to be
pump your penis before a jury.
12 neutral people all said "Ack!
This pervy judge really needs the sack!"
 
 
I read that whole article yesterday...they found urine and semen in his trash can under his desk..this guy was a jerkin' off freak.
 
 
Yeah, you'd think he'd just bang an intern or something.
 
 
OH!  
 
 
clarence (pubic hair on the coke can ploy) thomas is his role model...
 
 
If the pump don't fit, you must acquit.
 
 
Where is Bahstin?
 
 
'Moral turpitude?' How wonderful. They've done a wonderful job for him, though; I can sense a niche market in the unfavourable end of cinema just waiting to employ him as a hero...
 
 
How can you people disparage him? The poor guy was just meting out justice...one drop at a time.  
 
 
 
Where is Bahstin?
 

massachewsittz.

why?  
 
 
Right. Boston. Not?
 
 
way!

its boston with a bahstin accent.
when i lived in NY they called it bawstun...
 
 
So many people from Boston......
 
 
.... so little time
 
 
Even at lunch he was pretending
to be polite and dignified,
His lunches all seemed never-ending,
and for a while folks never spied,

So while he lunched on tasty gherkins
(all saw his robes --but not inside)
The whole darn time his hand was workin'
The pumping tool he had to hide.

He hid that tool for auto-jerkin'
(from all except the courtroom scribe)
But then the sound of air escaping
Betrayed him and "what's that?" they cried

"It's just a little joke, a gift,
that someone gave me to enjoy,
all through the day I get a lift
and it makes me a bigger boy!"
 
 
Come into my chambers and show me your briefs, muahaha....
 
 
thats a nice evil judge-laugh ya got there, evil clown...
 
 
 
.... so little time
 

  Good one!
 
 
BBB
Gawd damn, how this A2Ker crowd loves penis stories.

BBB  
 
 
The reason there are so many people from Boston is because of A2K's links to Abuzz. Abuzz.com (nytimes.abuzz.com, boston.abuzz.com) still exists, but many have abandoned it for here because of the lack of moderation, and poor performance.

Here cums the judge.
 
 
Isn't the job of a judge to deal with penal matters?
 
 
Good one, kicky!

Makes me proud to be an Okie.   You guys just don't have a sense of humor. Creek County? God, he was probably bored to death.
 
 
All Rise !!!  
 
 
Don't make me unsheath my huge gavel.
 
 
 
Isn't the job of a judge to deal with penal matters?
 

Yes, but now it's his turn to be...err....

....penilized
 
 
