 
 
Britain's biggest SUPERSTAR?
 
 
Who is it?

By superstar, I'm talking about the entertainment industry. Someone who, upon their death, will merit blanket news coverage around the world. Do we have anyone like that?

I'm going to go for Mr Tom Jones. He's internationally renowned, one of the few people to smash (and I mean SMASH) America, a stalwart of the music industry and he is timeless.

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqBV0N_BUDw 

Tom Jones.
 
 
Paul McCartney.

e: he's way more famous than Tom Jones, for example. I think he's probably the most famous British entertainer alive, and one of the most famous of all time along with JL. The Beatles are the top selling group of all time, after all, as well as his solo work, he must be #1.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by M_E_X
Paul McCartney?

 

What i was gona say.
 
 
Elton John is pretty reveered around the world. Clapton too, possibly.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by M_E_X
Paul McCartney?

 

Maybe. The fact that he's just one quarter of the Beatles doesn't help his cause, mind. He was never the most famous Beatle.
 
 
Not saying she's the biggest star but I presume Helen Mirren dying will be pretty big news in the entertainment industry.

EDIT: She's not even the biggest star on this thread TBH.
 
 
Macca easily
 
 
sam allardyce
 
 
David Beckham
 
 
I would say Elton John too.

Judi Dench? Michael Caine?
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Teveth
Maybe. The fact that he's just one quarter of the Beatles doesn't help his cause, mind. He was never the most famous Beatle.

 

He has been for the last 30 years.

And the Beatles are hands down the biggest music group in history, being a major part of that (some people think the biggest, some people say #2) means he is massively famous around the world.

 
Originally Posted by Wikipedia
BBC News Online readers named McCartney the "greatest composer of the millennium ", and BBC News cites his Beatles song "Yesterday" as the most covered song in the history of recorded music—by over 2,200 artists [4]—and since its 1965 release, has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American television and radio according to the BBC.[5] Wings' [ a band McCartney was in after The Beatles ] 1977 single "Mull of Kintyre" became the first single to sell more than two million copies in the UK, and remains the UK's top selling non-charity single. [6] Based on the 93 weeks his compositions have spent at the top spot of the UK chart, and 24 number one singles to his credit, McCartney is the most successful songwriter in UK singles chart history.

 

He's not just famous for The Beatles, y'know.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Fandabidoze!

EDIT: She's not even the biggest star on this thread TBH.

 

Thank you.  
 
 
If we're honest, noone will get more Internet coverage than Rick Astley  
 
 
Haha, Carlton. Man, i loved that episode.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by M_E_X
He has been for the last 30 years.

And the Beatles are hands down the biggest music group in history, being a major part of that (some people think the biggest, some people say #2) means he is massively famous around the world.

He's not just famous for The Beatles, y'know.

 

I agree that the Beatles are hands down the biggest music group in history, and if they could be merged into one personal-entity, he would take the crown.

Everything McCartney achieved after the Beatles was down to the Beatles. It was about the Beatles, not McCartney. It always was that way, and still is.

If John Lennon were still alive, I would say he would nab it. He was the biggest Beatle.
 
 
Justin Bieber is my idol.

No seriously. The fact that I look like him too really makes me happy  
 
 
David Beckham - He crossovers into celebrity culture, married to a spice girl and is one of the most recognised Brits in the world.
 
 
Mick Jagger must be up there.
 
 
The Queen, I imagine. Not from the entertainment industry obviously, but I think to the rest of the world, she's the most famous and instantly recognisable British person alive.

David Beckham or Paul McCartney would come very close.
 
 
I would say the Queen, but I suppose she doesn't technically count as being in the entertainment industry lol

EDIT: Beaten to it!
 
 
Dizzie Wascaaal innit.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Colbert
If we're honest, noone will get more Internet coverage than Rick Astley  

 

Beaten to it.
 
 
stephen hawking
 
 
Richard Dawkins.
 
 
Brucie!
Its Nice To See You! To See You! Liivveee!!!!!!
 
 
The nation will be in morning when we lose the fine character that is Im So Academic.
 
 
David Beckham. He's massive in Asia as well as America and obviously Europe. I don't know how popular McCartney is in Asia.
 
 
Does Simon Cowell count :P so many people like the x factor and britains got talent and all the other versions.
After that probably Paul mccartney
 
 
Beckham..........................
 
 
David Beckham and Cheryl Cole

I am sad to say the latter     and totally disagree that she be regarded as a superstar but at the moment it has to be accepted that she is one of the most influential people in England. her impact in music, television, fashion and cosmetics is huge and she has a massive fanbase of young men and women as well as teenagers in the UK. she is also making a name in Europe as well as Asia though not as established there yet compared to England. she is the working class man's idol. maybe she will be forgotten in a couple of years time, but at the moment she is on the cover of so many magazines, constantly photographed and talked about. everyone has an opinion on her. she is a controversial star.

David Beckham. need I say more. the man is a legend.  
 
 
katie price
 
 
Kate Bush will get concentrated, massive, respect from music critics and fans (and John Lydon of The Sex Pistols will give her it if he's still here as he is a fan).
 
 
