 
 
Australia, Canada or UK?
 
 
Hey guys!

I am looking for some feedback from people moved to Australia some time ago and can compare overall life there and back home in the UK or Canada or the US. My family is thinking to move to either Australia or UK but have not made any final discission yet. I am a Canadian but was born in the eastern EU. Canadian weather is not very attractive and a bit boring here. Possibly it could be much worse elsewhere   I need to find out somehow
 

Val
 
 
If your family is considering a move to Australia, I would recommend the east coast not too far from Sydney. I have some friends that live in Australia, and by all indications, they love it there!
 
 
I know a few families from EU lived in the USA for a while and moved to AU and lived there for 5 years. They finally came back to EU or US saying that they did not like the life in Australia....Of course there are some opposite decisions made by others....
I think most of the people I know tend to stick around Sydney. Wonder which area around Sydney is most well recommended?

Val
 
 
When most people consider the area around Sydney, it has to do with cost. The closer in town one is, the more expensive - generally speaking. You'd have to ask a Sydneyite about these things.
 
 
Guys, give your opinion on which place you would like to stick with by giving your vote here at the poll.....Life question: EU, NA or AU? I am sure everybody would be very interested in the overall opinion at the end of the poll...:-)

Val
 
 
the uk - am i the only person? I find teh climate a lot more comfortable than Australia. I haven't been to Canada or America yet, so i really can't form an opinion, although i don't like places which are below freezing ( rain is cool). Strangely enough, i always feel a sense of belonging in Europe, which i never get in Australia, and i miss living amongst the ancestors. I miss Europe when i'm not there but i never miss Australia when i am away.

There are a lot of wonderful places in Australia, though, and perhaps you should look around. ALso, tell us what you are looking for - everybody has different interests and tastes, so recommending you places before we know what you are looking for seems futile.
 
 
Well, I've been travelling around quite a bit including UK because of my job in telecom and could say UK is a nice place to live too with lots of opportunities especially in London. Weather and high living costs is the minus of course for me. EU is nice but I guess we always want to try and explore something new and compare. I probably should amend my poll adding more subcategories to compare such as fun, business opportunities, social climate and chances to survive :-)

Val
 
 
Quote, "Weather and high living costs is the minus of course for me." I hear you, no_id. I love to visit London, but our US dollar is worth about.50c to the pound. When I visited last year in April, a coffee and donut cost US$5.00. Bet it's about $7.00 for the same thing now. OUCH! Going in May to meet up with some a2kers. How about joining us? We'll have some Brits, Germans, and a few Yanks at this one. Should be fun.
 
 
OK, well it seems like you want good weather

Sydney (population 4,000,000)
Well, I'm a sydneysider. If you like city life, Sydneys the go. The biggest, dest, most beautiful city in Australia. Although, it is an expensive city. House prices are in decline at the moment, though. Whats your price guide? What kind of house are you looking for. For example if you wanted a 4 bedroom family home under 450,000 AU (a very basic 1 storey one in a decent area, with a small block), you may as well forget about Sydney, unless you want to live far away from the city and/or in a undesired area.

A good alternative to Sydney with still good weather is the central coast (population unknown, number of townships), located just north of Sydney, it is in close proximity to Sydney, (so close in fact people commute to Sydney to work from there every morning), beautiful beaches, hills forest, just great. All this and you still are able to commute to the city by either train or car.

You might also consiter living in the neibouring city of wollongong (population between 250,000 and 500,000)and surrounding townships, also people once again comute to Sydney to work. Also has beautiful beaches, and quite a nice setting being bordered with cliffs to the west.

Other capital cities with good weather are Adelaide (population 1,000,000), Perth (population 1,000,000 to 1,500,000) and Brisbane (population 1,600,000) (although no beaches in Brisbane, and maybe just a tad too hot).

All other capital cities are either too hot or cold, since it seems you are looking mainly at

I highly oppose you live in UK, you couldn't live in a more depressing location.
 
 
It seems Sydney won the "most beautiful city" award by some travel magazines - again. They won last year too! Friendly people, good food, cultural offerings, and reasonable cost are all important aspects of a good city. I think it's a nice place to visit, but...
 
 
 
It seems Sydney won the "most beautiful city" award by some travel magazines - again. They won last year too! Friendly people, good food, cultural offerings, and reasonable cost are all important aspects of a good city. I think it's a nice place to visit, but...
 

Its one of the most livable cities in the world, higher than any U.S city in that survey they had.

I think you mistaken that award with the "best to visit" in the world.

Believe me, unless you have got little money, its great.
 
 
nova, I would suffer from claustophobia after the first year I lived in Sydney.   Our town, Sunnyvale, California, is always voted in the top five of cities over 100,000 population as the best place to live in the US. The only problem here is the cost of living. Home prices start at $500,000 - if you can find one.
 
 
Re: Australia, Canada or UK?
Hi there,

I have just stumbled accross this site via search engine and thought I might offer an opinion.
I was born in the UK, but live in Australia. I have also lived in the US. I would definately live in Oz. I would say the Perth area (west). Why? A few reasons,
1) perfect weather, 25 degree cel. average per year. Although it does not snow here you still get to see a change of season. Summer is lovely, everyone has the get out and do something bug. Winter there is still pleanty of stuff to do.  
2) Cost of living. It is a whole lot cheaper to rent/purchase property here then in the east. General grocerys, petrol, transport are heaps cheaper, and there are no toll ways here either!  
3) travel possibilities, within a few hours you can drive or fly to extreem heat and pristine reefs to cold ports and charming wineries. Also, from Perth, generally it is cheaper to fly to Malasia, Indonisia, Africa, UK, Europe than it is in the East. :wink:
I know this may sound bias but I have lived in a heap of countries and cities and I would live here and do with out hesitation.
 
 
blenners, Welcome to A2K. Bias is what it's all about when we express any opinion about choice.  
 
 
Nice to have new opinions. According to my poll Canada is taking over :-) wonder why......Probably it would be more precise to distinguish opinions by targeting specific areas such as probability to survive, social climate, weather and fun. I am more interested in a "probability to survive" doing almost nothing  ....just kidding :-). On a more serious note I want to quit my job and join my family online business (  www.canbalt.com  ) where location would not matter much. I thought working for ourselves where your home is your office a nice weather presence is simply a must :-). I am currently in London, UK. Weather is quit depressing here....

Val
 
 
The only thing that would stop me from saying Australia is their close proximity to Asia and China...which as you know is fairly well loaded down with people who are not fond of caucasians...when and if the global shit hits the fan it's awfully close.....
 
 
I spent 3 months in China, to my surprise I liked more than I expected...If you are in big cities like Shanghai or so you can probably have some fun. I liked their extremely cheap but good food and they are very business oriented people :-) Of course borders are closed for most of them.

Val
 
 
What really matters
  Well I suppose when it comes down to it all that really matters is that you are happy and content in your life and family. It doen't matter where you live as long as you live you life to your hearts content and love the people around you. All the rest doesn't mean anything!  
 
 
Blenners I agree with you philosophically, but....

Your environment does affect your outlook.

Speaking as one born and raised in Sydney, who's never lived overseas, Sydney is great to visit. Can't imagine living there. Too many people in one spot.

I've heard good things about Perth, downside being a sense of isolation.

Adelaide aint bad, a big canberra really, but a UK-ite would suffer badly - they usually get a month of +35 c days each summer - that's tough.

Can't believe no aussies have mentioned Melbourne - not that I take sides in the Melbourne/Sydney thing but Overseas people should know that the two cities battle each other for 'best city' status. Sydney relying on it's looks, Melbourne on food, culture and feel.

You really need to say whether your looking for city living or something else. I should plug Canberra, but I leave it tomorrow for Cairns - you'll have to search for my precis of its pluses and minuses elsewhere.
 
 
Everyone is right in his own wayI wonder does any one can compare small business opportunities and its climate between these 3 continents? I am in process of switching my regular job into our family online business type of work where location is important as far as customers go. As far as jobs and being in telecom industry I found that UK is the hottest place right now, followed by the USA. Canada would be at the very end of the queue.
 
 
Sydney is a nice place to live......

and we're just charming people, as well (now that Mr Stillwater has moved to the Central Coast!   ) and witty (did I mention fun-loving) and remarkably good looking, and exceptionally intelligent!
 
 
You're a bunch of pussies Margo. Well you are anyway. ;^)

Which bit of Sydney? It matters - I've lived with the stigma of being a westie my entire life.
 
 
I'm a westie - but an inner-westie - Abbotsford!
 
 
That's a lot more impressive than Liverpool...
 
 
Interesting, isn't it? (I used to live in Parklea!)

I'm active on a travel board, which has a number of members in Sydney - and we answer lots of questions from Americans.
We had a get-together last year, when one of the American questioners was here. I spoke to the organiser, a naw-shaw fellow, and when I told him I was a "westie", you could hear the temperature in his voice drop about 50 degrees.

Now, I'm (reasonably - well, a bit!) presentable, don't wear flanelette shirts or spit, don't scrape my knuckles, etc., and am quite well travelled (not to US, but...) and all our online interactions had been quite cordial, but, when he found out I was a westie...well!

I teased him about it greatly - and he had some difficulty recovering! I think I behaved adequately - although we haven't heard from the American woman again!

Bloody naw-shaw snobs!
 
 
How do you guys compare NZ vs AU? It looks like NZ is more open for migrants these days.
 
 
I've never lived there but I have more respect for them politically than I do for my own nation. I'm thinking of launching an application for Australia to become part of New Zealand and to be known as 'West Island'.
 
 
Hey Margo

Funny how our 'westie' conversation echoes the Macquarie Fields stuff in the news....
 
 
Lol - we kinda have "westies" too - The Parks and environs in the west of Adelaide are notorious- as also was Hackham West (in the south) - so much so that they changed the name.
 
 
I imagine in Perth they have 'Easties', because the wealthier you are the closer you can live to the coast.
 
 
ohhh please, who wants to live in Canada ANYWAY?   I'm about 20 minutes from Canada by car.....and whenever I drive there people seem to throw themselves at the traffic. I always run over someone when ever I go there. It's insane.
Well, anyway, I'm torn between my motherland, England and Australia.
 
 
 
When most people consider the area around Sydney, it has to do with cost. The closer in town one is, the more expensive - generally speaking. You'd have to ask a Sydneyite about these things.
 

Being a Sydneysider(the proper name for a Sydneyite) The statement which i quoted is very true(it seems like you have bee doing your homework cicerone imposter) in sydney you have the most expensive Central Business District with an almost as expensive coastal area as you move away from sydney inland the prices gradually drop until you hit the mountains where the prices of land are patchy and inconsistent but generally Sydney West is most affordable as well as a few other Eastern Suburbs which are closer to sydney.
 
 
 
ohhh please, who wants to live in Canada ANYWAY?   I'm about 20 minutes from Canada by car.....and whenever I drive there people seem to throw themselves at the traffic. I always run over someone when ever I go there. It's insane.
Well, anyway, I'm torn between my motherland, England and Australia.
 

maybe you're a bad driver?

i love living in canada...although, i would rather live in australia with my uncle in Townsville.
 
 
 
ohhh please, who wants to live in Canada ANYWAY?   I'm about 20 minutes from Canada by car.....and whenever I drive there people seem to throw themselves at the traffic. I always run over someone when ever I go there. It's insane.
Well, anyway, I'm torn between my motherland, England and Australia.
 

Your choice of England and Australia should go a long way to saving many Canadian lives. Good choice. Perhaps you are used to driving on the "wrong" side of the street.  
 
 
Quality of Life
I haven't been to UK for many years, but the trinity of bad housing, high costs and bad food turn me against it.

Australia is also a country I don't like. I know it does well on UN HDI indexes. But i think any country with ample land and welfare/ public health system scores very highly on those indexes, and therefore it doesn't make for a good comparison between first world countries.

Australia is suburbanised like southern california and has endless strip malls and drive-thru fast food, as a result Australians are almost as fat as americans. Australia doesn't have very much culture to speak of, aside from that which immigrants have bought. Also there is not a strong national culture and the one that does exist seems mostly negative ie to be a redneck and hate people who try to be different or are successful. Australia does now have good restuarants though.

I personally like Canada alot and certain parts of USA.
 
 
Hi Roja,

I'm buttoning down my nationalism and I've carefully balanced a chip on each shoulder, but I'd like to challenge you on a few of your statements.

Parts of Australia are like Southern California, but the majority of it is not to say all of the US is like SoCal is not as misleading as saying all of Australia is like SoCal (similar land areas, but Oz has 1/20th of the population). It does sound like you didn't get out of a major city (sounds like you're talking about Sydney) and you didn't really see any of the good bits of it, and there are quite a few.

Also saying 'Australia doesn't have very much culture to speak of, aside from that which immigrants have bought' fits the US and Canada as well as it fits Oz (both had relatively small populations of indigenes until 'invaded' by immigrants.

 
not a strong national culture and the one that does exist seems mostly negative ie to be a redneck and hate people who try to be different or are successful
 

I'd argue against the first part of that statement, we do have a relatively solid national identity, generally speaking we are laid back, laconic, informal and distrustful of authority, we dislike airs and graces, support the underdog and believe in a 'fair go'. We don't push in queues.

On the latter part I have a harder time arguing, we do indeed have rednecks (though we prefer the term 'bogons', 'racists', 'coalition voters', and 'oxygen thieves'), but who doesn't?

I can't believe you think we hate people who are different - you must have had an awful experience here - but a country that host the Gay Mardi Gras and has over 30% of it's citizens born in another country is pretty tolerant.

We also don't hate the successful, we just don't idolise them (it's call the 'tall poppy' syndrome), you have to earn respect on a personal level, we hate toadies.

Damn, I'm generalising so badly here.

I'd love to hear about your experiences here, if only to apologise for them.

Oh, and we get narky when someone denigrates us, we're much better at it ourselves.
 
 
hingehead

 
 
 
 
Lol - we kinda have "westies" too - The Parks and environs in the west of Adelaide are notorious- as also was Hackham West (in the south) - so much so that they changed the name.
 

Nah dlowan - the cops have always called Hackham West The Bronx :wink:

Yep Roja there's quite a lot wrong with Australia but on balance I'd sooner live here than anywhere else. And as for culture, well last AFL Grand Final weekend (or was it the one before?) more people went to the Art Gallery to see the Carravaggio exhibition (well it was the whole weekend not just an afternoon) than went to the footy at the MCG. Still, to each their own, I hope you enjoy it where you live - life's to short to do time in a place you don't like.
 
 
Looking for migration
hi

i am from Bangladesh and i'm looking for a suitable location for migration. in my list Canada, Australia and New Zealand are the top 3 to choose. but i cant decide which one to pick. Canda is easier in process and less costly but difficult in weather, Australia is costly and time consuming process with no help from the govt during jobless initial times and last of all Nz is clumsy and hazy also costly process. so if anyone can help me to decide what could be best for me.

ther's a little guideline i can give... i'm an architect, 5 yrs exp., looking for suitable weather from 12c~25c 30c max, with cheap living cost, beautiful landscape, quick relief possible within short time from busy citylife, easy travel opportunity with many options with airlines and airports plus good communication facilities etc. and most of it i'm looking for less costly, easy secured living and ample job opportunity areas.

i'll be greatful if anyone can help me with this.  
 
 
rickk
You got me there.

Without discussing the merits of assorted other countries, in Australia about the only place to fit your weather specifications is Tasmania. It, however, doesn't meet many of your other specifications.

Melbourne may be a closer fit to most of them - but the living is not cheap, and I have no idea of the work situation for architects.

If you want to live in a city - it'll cost you. Compared to Bangladesh, life is quite expensive here. And Bangladeshis are in short supply (as far as I know), so you may feel quite isolated.
 
 
 
Nah dlowan - the cops have always called Hackham West The Bronx
 

Now goddamn it, i was born in the Bronx, let's just watch where everyone's toes are before we go stompin' around in farm boy shitkickers...
 
 
Oh, and the Duke of Lancaster is full of mousie poop... Canadia is a wonderful place, not the least of the reasons for which is inexpensive and plentiful food... mmmmm... doughnuts...
 
 
 
 
Lol - we kinda have "westies" too - The Parks and environs in the west of Adelaide are notorious- as also was Hackham West (in the south) - so much so that they changed the name.
 

Nah dlowan - the cops have always called Hackham West The Bronx :wink:

 

I KNOW! Spookier than the north, now, I have heard?

Some fabulous folk still live there, though.
 
 
I love Canada and Canadians/Canuks, but I also love California and Californians - a bit more.
 
 
Hello Rickk!

I am going through the migration process, and I definetely decided for Australia!. I have never been to Canada, I have met some canadians and I find they are very kind people. However, I hate cold weather, so I discarded Canada from the beginning for that reason. As to England, never been there either, but cloudy days get me depressed, so I could not live with such a weather.

As to the migration process to Australia, I am going through the process with the help of an agent, but I have met people from my country who have done the process themselves and the process has not been that long, in fact less than a year! nor that costly either!. They are already living in astralia, most of them in sidney and melbourne, and even though for some cases it has not been easy for them at the beginning as to the job search, all of them feel happy and at the end with patient and predetermination I have not doubt they will succeed!

The link  http://www.citymayors.com/features/quality_survey.html  provides information about a 2005 survey on the best cities around the world to live in, guess what? Australia scored within the top 25 positions for most of its capital cities!.

Hope it helps!  
 
 
 
Oh, and the Duke of Lancaster is full of mousie poop... Canadia is a wonderful place...
 

Don't tell him. We're all better off with him staying nicely south of the border.
 
 
In Wollongong, working class people have got lifestyles that only millionaires have in Sydney.
 
 
They get stuck in traffic on The Spit?
 
 
