 
 
Miami Vice
 
 
anyone else looking forward to it? its a Michael Mann film (god) so I'm hoping high things of it. the man can't do anything wrong in my opinion. Heat, Collateral etc, fantastic

good review here:  http://uk.filmforce.ign.com/articles/721/721210p1.html 

it has quite a low rating on IMDB, middle 6's, I don't know whether its because people were expecting more from Mann, or whether people were expecting it to be more faithful to the old 80's series or it was a "I hate Farrell and Foxx" thing. not long now!

oh, videos here:  http://uk.media.filmforce.ign.com/me...22/vids_1.html 
 
 
Collateral is one of my favourite all time films so I really want to see this, though I doubt I can persuade any of my friends to watch it  .
 
 
I hope this film doesnt let me down. I saw the trailers and i thought omg, the trailer was great but i mean with Jay-z music mixed in they couldnt have really gone wrond with the trailer.
Im just looking forward to it and to see how mann deals with the 70 percent night shots [or so im told]
 
 
I definitely looking forward to it. I've pretty much loved all of Mann's work (except for the deplorable Ali), and Heat is one of my all time favourite movies.

I think I'll probably enjoy it anyway, even if it's not that great, because I am besotted with Mann's movie-making style  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by hotnanoo
Im just looking forward to it and to see how mann deals with the 70 percent night shots [or so im told]

 

Watch Collateral, 95% shot at night time using high definition cameras.
 
 
Trailer looks excellent! Definately looking forward to it..! Few more days till release!  
 
 
Seen trailer on movies and looks like a top top movie. Collateral is ACE! and this looks brill as well. Plus Numb Encore at the back!.. all good..  
 
 
Can't Wait, i love Collateral as well, especially the shoot out in the club in that Korean place/town...class!
 
 
I can't wait to watch it!
From seeing the trailer it looks like it will be good.
 
 
Saw it tonight, its ok...

{MINOR SPOILERS?}

Basically the characters aren't very good, the camera work/high def/nighttime shots are amazing, the atmosphere for most of it is great. Theres one bit when they are cruising down a highway in a ace ferrari and you're sat there thinking "f**k yeah" They nick bits from Collateral/Heat in a way, in the first nightclub scene you will see what I mean.

The problem is Farrell/Fox, when they talk..its load of cliche gibberish. no real attachment in the sense of real partners. The baddies are basically either intense latino nutters or white supremists and the plot if fairly basic but filled out with a load of drug talk.

One thing tho...Mann can do some good action shootouts, yeah so Heat is the best ever, but it is good in Vice, he manages to get the coolness that people want from action films, realism (to an untrained eye tho I suppose) and graphic gore. Basically of all the violent deaths in the film. I would say about 70% of them the audience (and me!) flinched at. Thats a good thing, I'm fed up of these action films where people get killled left right and centre and no-one even notices. They don't beat heat, and Foxx does some stupid rolly-polly at one point, but you do feel its a real firefight. (the last fight that is)

so yeah, don't watch it for the acting/lines. Bring an ipod lol
 
 
Visually the movie is all over the place. At points it looks like it was shot on a Samsung D600 camera phone, the image quality is so bad. At other times it looks like flat and horrible DV and at other times it looks like normal 35mm FILM...

Otherwise it was alright, pretty graphic in places, although it didn't match Heat.
 
 
I'm not sure if I'll go for this, I liked Collateral a lot, and have seen Heat and thought it was very good also, but I just don't know if this film is for me, it got 4* in Empire, which is good (obviously lol) but they did say it was really complicated and had unnecessary subplots and things like that. I also read about the interaction between Farrell and Foxx, I think the point is it's the polar opposite to Bad Boys, they are really professional, so you don't see them out drinking together after, things like that. I may go and see it next week, isn't a lot else out atm that I haven't seen.
 
 
me and my three film-loving, drug-culture-loving friends went to see this, and we all left the conema saying, in unison, "WTF!?". yes, it looked sexy. and the first 2 minutes, with the music, was good. however, the first 2 minutes had no relevance to the rest of the film  .

ok, we kind of managed to grasp the story, after a lot of wrangling, and we liked the (single) gunfight. however, it wasn't gripping, at all. i spent a lot of time just admiring colin farrell's shirts.

it's a toughie. if it didnt look so damn sexy, i'd give it 0/10.
 
 
All this hype, and it turned out to be a let down.
Very disappointed
 
 
Hmm im watching it tomorrow, il give u my verdict then
 
 
wot a crap film. a tiny abit with alot more people shagging. i mean, if i wanted to watch people shagging i wouldve watched porn
 
 
i absolutely hated it. I couldnt understand what was going oon partly because the chracters didnt speak clearly and their accents are so strong. my friend even fell asleep half way through it. so we left early we had had enough the trailer was good apart from that it was just crap
 
 
not impressed at all!!
during the whole film, i was concentrating more on working out what the personal grudge was between farell and fox??
i think they spoke once! and that didnt amount to any sort of conversation.there was no on screen bond there what so ever. I thought partners in the amercain polic are proepr die for eachother kinda blokes!

the camera work was awfull! the camera lads looked like they were on hangovers and there hands where shaking everywhere. and the quality of the filming in some bits is terrible. picture wise. it does look like its been filmed on a camera phone in some scenes. and that is not exadgerating!

and why dont they just play farrel as an irishman! he is irish remeber! its just horrible when hes playing an americain and then when he shouts he suddenly goes back to irish! a was like what the fu**! Hell never beat his performance in "the recruit"! top film!!

you want to see a great cop film, dont go see this!

this film makes you realise just how good BAD BOYS is and how good actors smith and lawrence are!
 
 
major let down for me. Only good thing about it was the man candy. Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxx. Phwoaarrr. God i'm shameless.
 
 
Didn't think much of it, it was undercooked and overly-complicated, but as for Farrell and Foxx not talking, the reason for that is that they are incredibly focused and trained and dedicated so you don't get the sort of 'What we gonna do now?' interplay that you (may have) got in Bad Boys. I agree about the camera it was annoying, *SPOILERS and who didn't see the massive explosion coming when they slowly slowly got out of the caravan/house thing? */SPOILER*

Also neither of the women died, which was very dissapointing as there were choice moments where thier demise would have made it so much better, and also barely anyone got shot! Jeez!
 
 
I saw it at the weekend. I thought it was over long and drawn out, with some truly awful dialogue. The only thing that saved the movie at all was the end.

My review is on my movie blog  http://www.obsessedwithfilm.com/revi...ice-review.php 
 
 
I actually went to see the film with a someone who was a big fan of the original Miami Vice series and he was not disappointed. He said it was faithful to the whole thing and he enjoyed it, especially the music (which I agreed was great!). Now, as someone who has only seen a couple of episodes of the original series, I though it was ok, but I certainly wouldn't put it down to a great film, I wouldn't go and make an effort to watch it again myself but if it was on TV, I wouldn't change the channel. I think they should have played up a bit more the significance of the Ferrari, which was confiscated in a drug raid in the original, could have made something of that. Oh well.
 
 
So many things wrong with this film, very very boring. Couldn't understand half the actors and hardly any action. It was poo.
 
 
One of the worse films i've ever seen, seriously so bad, they tried so hard to develop the characters that it took away any kind of interesting story. fair play to Colin Farell for his awesome handlebar tache though  
 
 
I'm getting a bad vibe off this thread  

I have to say, I really enjoyed the movie. Okay, so it wasn't without it's flaws, but the style is just so incredibly cool!

 
Originally Posted by Decent_Jam
but as for Farrell and Foxx not talking, the reason for that is that they are incredibly focused and trained and dedicated so you don't get the sort of 'What we gonna do now?' interplay that you (may have) got in Bad Boys.

 

Agreed, and I'd take it one step further to say that it was excellently (down)played by the pair. I thought they were totally believable!

And Jayjas...Bad Boys (both of 'em) are not good films. Entertaining? Yes? Good movies? Not especially.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by serious narb
One of the worse films i've ever seen, seriously so bad, they tried so hard to develop the characters that it took away any kind of interesting story. fair play to Colin Farell for his awesome handlebar tache though  

 

It really was rather poor. I wasnt paying full attention but where was the plot?  
 
 
Liked the music, the director REALLY likes Audioslave lol.
 
 
I like the song in Miami Vice
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Decent_Jam
Liked the music, the director REALLY likes Audioslave lol.

 

Yeah, I noticed that too! I mean, he had one Audioslave song in Collateral, so it was fairly incidental, but in MV he had, like, 4 wasn't it? It was good, though. It fit quite well.
 
 
some Mogwai in there on the soundtrack too
 
 
 
Originally Posted by jayk_bakner
Yeah, I noticed that too! I mean, he had one Audioslave song in Collateral, so it was fairly incidental, but in MV he had, like, 4 wasn't it? It was good, though. It fit quite well.

 

Yeah I counted at least three, roll on Revelations! (new album released Oct)

Shameless plugging aside it did suit it well, as it did in Collateral.
 
 
