 
 
Who's the celeb you would most like to look like?
 
 
If you could look like any famous person, have their body and face etc. who would it be?

For me, it would be Miranda Kerr, Scarlett Johansson, Adriana Lima or Katy Perry! They are hot  
 
 
eva longoria-parker. she is so so so beautiful  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Katt-x
eva longoria-parker. she is so so so beautiful  

 

I hadn't thought of her, but I do completely agree!
 
 
Probably Emma Watson--with hair.  
 
 
penelope cruz- shes so pretty  
 
 
Sophie out of Coronation Street.
 
 
Jennifer Aniston  
 
 
Sophie out of Coronation Street.
 
 
Beyonce, Shingai Shoniwa, Janelle Monae, Aaliyah, Nicki Minaj, Gabrielle Union or Kelly Rowland  

Mostly Aaliyah though, she's beautiful   (but dead, unfortunately   )
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Katt-x
eva longoria-parker. she is so so so beautiful  

 

With or without the make up?  

 
 
 
 
Originally Posted by halii_94
penelope cruz- shes so pretty  

 

Seconded!   She's beautiful.
Other than that... Marion Cotillard, Eva Mendes.

There's some Korean + Chinese actresses that are pretty too, but I just wouldn't really classify them as celebrities, not here anyway!
 
 
I would say Megan Fox but I wouldn't want to do myself.
 
 
I also heart Katy Perry's and Marina Diamandis's bodies, they're hot  
 
 
Maggie Gyllenhaal or Emma Thompson  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by unknownking321
With or without the make up?  

 

 

I'd still do her.  
 
 
Alexa Chung or Daisy Lowe
 
 
Jennifer Morrison  
 
 
Keira Knightley.
 
 
Back in time I would've said Beyoncé. But I like being me.
 
 
Christina Hendricks

 
 
 
Hervé Villechaize.
 
 
I think David Beckham and Zac Efron both have some steez. Can't think of anyone else.
 
 
Scarlett Johanssen, Marion Cotillard or Penelope Cruz. All beautiful, talented ladies.
 
 
Elle McPhereson..
 
 
Emma Watson without a shadow of a doubt
 
 
Angelina Jolie before she looked skeletal.
Wouldn't complain if I looked like Adriana Lima.
Leighton Meester's pretty hot too.
Maybe Alice Glass if I was in a strange mood.
Katy Perry.
I used to say Jessica Alba, but I think now maybe her body more than her face.
 
 
failingatm.  
 
 
I think Kristin Cavallari is beeeeautiful and would love to look like her!
 
 
 
Originally Posted by CherryCherryBoomBoom
Beyonce, Shingai Shoniwa, Janelle Monae, Aaliyah, Nicki Minaj, Gabrielle Union or Kelly Rowland  

Mostly Aaliyah though, she's beautiful   (but dead, unfortunately   )

 

haha i would love to look like any of these too! beyonce being my number one though
 
 
Whoever called me an "indie girl wannabe" I've never been more offended in my life   from the pit of my heart thankyou   **** x
 
 
Oooh I don't know! Maybe Beyonce, Scarlett Johanssen, or Christina Hendricks  
 
 
Katy Perry.
 
 
Jennifer Morrison or Evangeline Lilly  
 
 
Jessica Alba.... for obvious reasons. (yes i read the thread properly.)
 
 
Christina Aguilera  

or Eva Longoria

Both are stunning  
 
 
david cameron.
 
 
Jay-Z
 
 
 
Originally Posted by ScrubZ
Christina Hendricks

 

 

Same here  
 
 
Ah that's difficult. First that comes to mind is Sophie Ellis-Bextor.
 
 
Gabrielle Union or Meagan Good.  
 
 
The Numa Numa guy.
 
 
Debbie Harry (in the 1980s) see avatar

Or Gemma Arteton  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by ScrubZ
Christina Hendricks

 

 

damn she's hot.

anyway, i really like being me lol. i'd probs swap my body for scarlett johansson's/someone similar but i wouldn't swap my face with anyone's! i'm too used to my face  
 
 
I wouldn't ever want to look like anyone else. I'm no male model, but it's who I am.
 
 
Cheryl Cole. I already vaguely look like her but her features are far more photogenic. Jealous.
 
 
At the moment I quite like being me.
If I couldn't choose me I would choose Alexandra Burke  
 
 
Alexa Chung.
 
 
Nelly Furtado or Penelope Cruz!
 
 
kim kardashian, I LOVE HER SO MUCH  
 
 
Audrina Patridge or Megan Fox
 
 
I wouldn't like to look like anyone else forever, but it'd be cool to look like Beyonce for a while  
 
 
How did I forget; Aishwarya Rai...so beautiful it hurts!
 
 
Adriana Lima or Shakira

Megan Foxes face but not to sure about her body.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by emilylikeeee
If you could look like any famous person, have their body and face etc. who would it be?

For me, it would be Miranda Kerr, Scarlett Johansson, Adriana Lima or Katy Perry! They are hot  

 

Odey Shirwac
 
 
Shannyn Sossamon or Jessica Alba I suppose
and I agree about that girl from Mad Men as well. She is hot stuff  
 
 
50 cent ¬¬
 
 
Gemma Arteton, Sophie Winkleman, Keira Knightley, Natalie Portman or Marion Cotillard.

Yeah, I'd like to look like loads of people.
 
 
Beyonce  

failing that, I could deal with Katy Perry.. or Kate Hudson..  
 
 
I don't know what Mad Men is but that red head is something else. Looked her up and her husband looks like an overgrown 10yr old. He's had more than his fair share of luck.
 
 
Zooey Deschanel   but I'm blonde and I have brown eyes, so I'm the exact opposite of her ;/
 
 
Wouldn't mind looking like Jason Isaacs, to be honest..
 
 
Catherine Zeta Jones  
 
 
Zooey Deschanel  
 
 
Alicia Keys
 
 
God, there are so many! Even though she's quite old now, I would love to look like Vanessa Williams (Wilhemina Slater off Ugly Betty), I think she is really stunning. Others would be Kelly Rowland,Tyra Banks, Alesha Dixon, Angelina Jolie, Christina Aguilera and Alyssa Milano.
 
 
Keira Knightley  
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Bella Occhi
Jennifer Morrison or Evangeline Lilly  

 

Correct answer. I'd go John Virgo myself.
 
 
Cillian Murphy   for a day, like. but maybe Daisy Lowe or Zooey Deschanel.
 
 
Renée Zelwegger... I know she's not for everyone but I just think her face is incredible! Or Carey Mulligan, oh god she's so cute  
 
 
Ermmm Anne Hathaway <3 without a doubt
 
 
Zooey Deschanel
 
 
Megan Fox, without the dodgy thumb.
 
 
Zac Efron...

I reckon he's pretty ok looking.

No homo.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by RahRah09
Cheryl Cole. I already vaguely look like her but her features are far more photogenic. Jealous.

 

Pics or it didn't happen.

 
 
 
I have quiete a few lol ; cheryl cloe, jenifer aniston, megan fox or katy perry  
 
 
Lenora Crichlow, she's so pretty, bless her! Or Halle Berry. Actually, I dunno, 'coz Halle Berry looked amazing with short hair, but not so amazing with long hair, and I would want long hair  

Maybe Shania Twain.
 
 
There is no-one I would prefer to look like. What a weird question.
 
 
Lenora Crichlow, Karen Gillan (I've wanted red hair forever!), Keira Knightley, Megan Follows, Freema Agyeman. Any of them really, even if most of them aren't huge celebrities, they're still more famous (and prettier) than me. But I like my appearance, I think I'll stick to being me.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by abc101
Lenora Crichlow, she's so pretty, bless her! Or Halle Berry. Actually, I dunno, 'coz Halle Berry looked amazing with short hair, but not so amazing with long hair, and I would want long hair  

Maybe Shania Twain.

 

Thanks for reminding me.   She's awesome.
 
 
Hayden Christensen, Wentworth Miller, or I would have said Keanu Reeves or a young  Lincoln Barrett  (High Contrast), but I've already been told that I look like them.
 
 
Jason Statham.  
 
 
Kelly Brook.

EDIT: I don't know why everyone is saying Katy Perry. She has a good figure, but anyone could look like her face-wise because she wears about 20 layers of foundation, a wig, false eyelashes and has ridiculous drawn-on eyebrows. She's basically a clown.
 
 
Dakota Fanning
Karen Gillan
Salma Hayek
 
 
Penelope Cruz or Megan Fox.  
 
 
Scarlett Johansson definitely. She is stunning.
 
 
Zac Efron for sure!!!  
 
 
 
Jessica Lowndes  
 
 
Robinho (if he counts as a celeb)/Dule Hill  
 
 
Bruce Springsteen.
 
 
Liam Neeson. Without doubt, voice included.
Been drawing up some quotes in case such a medical procedure becomes available.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by ACatCalledMeow
 
Jessica Lowndes  

 

Indeed  

Also Olivia Wilde, Adriana Lima, and Alexis Bledel when she looks like  this  or  this 

 
 
 
Megan Fox  
 
 
Audrey Hepburn.
Or Keira Knightley/Natalie Portman, they all look fairly alike.
 
 
No one. I'm content with how I look, but there are a few celebrities people always tell me I look like and it's really annoying. If I changed to look like someone else it'd just add to the "you really look like...." comments.
 
 
cheryl cole i think...
 
 
 
 
 
Rob Pattinson duh
 
 
 
Originally Posted by CherryCherryBoomBoom
Beyonce, Shingai Shoniwa, Janelle Monae, Aaliyah, Nicki Minaj, Gabrielle Union or Kelly Rowland  

Mostly Aaliyah though, she's beautiful   (but dead, unfortunately   )

 

just ask for her surgeon
 
 
 
Originally Posted by AppleandMangoPie
just ask for her surgeon

 

  Does kinda disappoint me that's she plastic  . But still, she's hot  
 
 
abby lee kershaw
 
 
 
Originally Posted by CherryCherryBoomBoom
  Does kinda disappoint me that's she plastic  . But still, she's hot  

 

yeah i agree! im with drizzy abt her being the baddest female to do this ish, and i love her dougla heritage, i just wish she'd stayed true to herself booty-wise.
 
 
Kate Winslet, Gwen Stefanie, Brody Dalle, or Florence Welch.
In that order.
 
 
Blake Lively or Eva Mendes.
 
 
john cusack or daniel craig
 
 
 
Originally Posted by tinktinktinkerbell
john cusack or daniel craig

 

Your a dude  
 
 
 

He's so cool.
 
 
Megan fox   ))
 
 
Edie Sedgewick, easily one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen.
 
 
 
