 
 
Red Sox Fans: Are You Covering The Bases?
 
 
Who's familar with Bronson Arroyo on the Red Sox, and how he's releasing a new cd?

I'll start off by saying he's got a good voice, and I heard him play a couple songs live on the radio and he sounded pretty good. Not saying he sucks.

Here's what I find funny though: the media, radio, newspapers, and local tv, are absolutely blowing this guy like he's the next Led Zeppelin. During interviews, they keep asking him questions like "what do you think of yourself more as, a baseball player, or a musician?" or "wow, it's so amazing you're releasing a cd AND playing baseball!" Uh, yes, he's a much better musician than PRO baseball player because he can cover songs...stupid.

If you're from Boston and follow the Sox you know what I'm talking about. If you're not from here, you obviously don't hear the constant attention on the cd.

People...it's just f'n COVER SONGS! There's ONE reason this guy was able to release this cd: he's got the money to do it. He hired some very legit musicians to play on the album(including Mike Inez from Alice and Chains), and put it together in the studio. You could walk through Cambridge on any given night and find 20 people who are 10X the "musician" he is.

I will just leave you with this: he plays the Goo Goo Dolls on the cd. And Creed is in his top ten albums of all time.
 
 
Thanks for sharing.
 
 
 
Thanks for sharing.
 

No Gus...thank you.
 
 
Are we whipping any Yankee ass tonight?
 
 
I have been looking for that damn game. What the hell channel is it on Time Warner Cable? <grumble grumble> F*cking 800 channels and I can't find the goddammed one I want!
 
 
Find any sports event. Click open the channel guide, pick theme, one of the channels will be the game.

I think I will go try this myself.

Kicky, you will never believe what I am doing now on a daily basis.

J
 
 
I'm almost afraid to ask, but...

Hey, Joe, what are you doing on a daily basis now?
 
 
ESPN 2 Channel 29?? no

YES on Channel 30

It's 5-4 Boston
 
 
By the way, thanks for that tip. Worked like a charm.
 
 
must stay up with technology.
 
 
YES on Channel 30. Yup.
 
 
tie game, baby!!!!
 
 
Screw you. Shut that off and go to bed!
 
 
Hahaha! Are you going to tell me what you are doing on a daily basis or not, you secretive son of a....?
 
 
I've started running again. It's the funniest thing people have ever seen on the streets of New York, this huge fat guy huffing along (I walk a twenty minute mile, I run a fifteen minute mile--- what a streak) Anyway, I'm up to about 5 miles one day, and two the next, with a one day rest every five days. Lost about six pounds so far.

dat's all.

Joe(Get out of the way!)Nation
 
 
Oh, thank god. I thought you were going to tell me you were doing something bad for you. It's good to know I'm still the most self-destructive member of A2K.

Keep it up, man.

P.S. Do you remember a guy named Jim Fixx? Big-time jogger. Had a heart attack WHILE running and died on the spot.

Just thought you might want to know the dangers.
 
 
He was a hero of mine back in the 70's. I was soccer ref then and reading Fixx's book, brilliantly titled RUNNING, taught me a lot about the way to jog, walk, run, jog, sprint, have fun, run. Players in the Oklahoma heat couldn't figure out how I could run for 90 minutes, but I was doing practice sessions for twice that long and then going for a ride on my bike.
(I never heard of a triathalon until I was over 30)

Joe(good way to go, lying flat-faced on a dirty sidewalk)Nation

Still tied. Some guy is bowling from the mound.
 
 
Haha! Good luck with the health kick. I'll double my intake of alcohol and cheese to even things out.

I love this Yankees/Bosox rivalry. Fun stuff.
 
 
Red Sox blew like a dude hanging out at a rest stop.

Welcome back to the bigs, Curt.
 
 
I have been watching this arroyo bull, sort of. I Came to the same conclusion (must be ok, but he's making it work with pro-baseball cash). But, I tell ya, the sappy eyebrow emotion in his pix makes me want to slap him.
 
 
I agree 100% with you Slappy. But what about Damon - they shut the mike off on him. I also hear he wants to be an actor, but really s*cks at it. At least Bronson can carry a tune.
 
 
How about that guy in the stands, though, eh? Best catch I've seen in the Boston outfield in a long time...
 
 
How the hell can Damon become an actor? The guy can't complete a sentence without saying "um" at least 4 times, and he's about as animated as the chick tied up in my trunk from last month.
 
 
But Slappy you have to admit he was incredible in that Dunkin Donuts commercial. Makes me wonder why he didn't have more than a couple of lines?

Not sure if it is true or not, but I heard that during the filming of that baseball movie with Drew Barrymore - Damon was supposed to have a line, but because he s*cked so bad they took it out.
 
 
After the beautiful turn of events in yesterdays game I can only hope more Boston players decide to go off on side line endeavors, whether it be music, art or just bumming around.

(Did I mention I am a lifelong Yankee lover even though I live only a short distance from Boston?)
 
 
Last night felt like the old Red Sox were back, get a lead, lose the lead to a tie, then lose the game. ahhhh, just like the old days!
 
 
Go sox!
 
 
Hey hey...Sox fan here.

My husband is from Boston..born and raised..but unfortunately, the military brought him to this shithole town and I kept him here.   He made a Sox fan of me though...actually sitting right now with last year's ALCS game 7 playing in the background(pathetic I know, but there's not shit on cable Sunday at 11pm).

Just wondering what other's thoughts are on Pedro leaving? I know I'll never know what it was like to be left waiting for "next year". I guess I became a fan at the perfect time(right before postseason), and I'm spoiled witnessing such a comeback. Now that pitching isn't what it was, I can't help but think that, at this time, Pedro would be very beneficial. Suppose I'm a little biased, afterall Pedro is the first member of last year's team that my husband bragged about(leaving out mishaps during certain games).
 
 
Bien, we're all worried about the Pedro trade becoming the new curse.
 
 
Hey, anyone hear who won the game tonight?

hehehe...
 
 
yeah, whatever.
a team with a $200mill payroll should have a record of 90-0, not 49-41!

i don't think the pitching is that much worse than last year.
clement has done a decent job filling schilling's shoes.
wells has been steady all year.
foulke's implsion & injury woes are the biggest difference.

pedro's having an awesome year -- he didn't pitch nearly as well for us last year.
derek lowe is 5-10 and struggling bigtime for LA.

with the potent offense and better than average pitching, i like our chances to take the division...
 
 
Nobody on the Sox ever doubted Pedro would be an effective picture, but their offer was beat out by another team, and they understandably didn't want to sign him for that long.
 
 
Getting Leiter was a no brainer for the Yanks and Cashman(Cash-Man...get it?) But 2.8 mill is a little steep for a 3-7 pitcher.
Leiter looked good because the American League hasn't seen his stuff for a while but when they figure it out...kaboom.
On Slappy's note. Sports reporters know less about pop music than they know about baseball.
 
 
bronson has been told not to quit his day job...
 
 
I am an Ortiz fan and have been since the Red Sox aquired him. Now if they lose Ortiz I will cry. Now what a deal he was.

Pedro - he is a great pitcher, but in my opinion can be unstable at times - when he is good - he is incredible, but he has had alot of bad times too. Don't think he is worth what he was looking for.
 
 
jeezum crow!!
not only are trot & clement on the DL, but now manny's  demanding a trade?? 

u gotta b shitting me...
 
 
no deal.
manny gets the big pinch-hit to win the game.
all is forgiven...
 
 
Guy's flakier than frosted flakes.

But he's an amazing hitter, glad he's sticking around.
 
 
he's the Manny!

MBM drove in 4 runs last night, we came back from 4-0 to win 6-4...
 
 
tonight's MBM update --

hit a 3-run homer (giving him 30 HR's & 100 RBI's on the season) in the 8-5 sawx win, they're 7th straight.
sawx now have a 4 game lead on the yanks...

scary moment in the 2nd inning:
manny & renteria, chasing a blooper, collide in short leftfield.
renteria smacks manny in the face twice (once with each hand) during the collision.
the manny manages to hold on to the ball for the 3rd out, his nose bloodied...

 
 
 
Hope he's ok...

I'm in NY right now for company meetings, and just got back from Shea Stadium in the luxury boxes.

Saw Pedro pitch, that was pretty cool.
 
 
Niiiiice, Slappy.

My housemate and I went to see the last few innings at a couple different places in the Squayah.
 
 
Noticed the Yankees thread is dead. Anybody catch their game with the Indians? Whew, talk about a weak pitching staff...
 
 
its the worst pitching staff money can buy...
 
 
 
tonight's MBM update --

hit a 3-run homer (giving him 30 HR's & 100 RBI's on the season) in the 8-5 sawx win, they're 7th straight.
sawx now have a 4 game lead on the yanks...

scary moment in the 2nd inning:
manny & renteria, chasing a blooper, collide in short leftfield.
renteria smacks manny in the face twice (once with each hand) during the collision.
the manny manages to hold on to the ball for the 3rd out, his nose bloodied...

 

Hi I'm new here so sorry I'm talking about an old issue. That was a scary collision. Did anyone else have flashbacks of Johnny Damon/Damion Jackson a few years ago?
 
 
yes i did, OperaGhost.

flashback --->  http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=633816#633816 

it never ceases to amaze that these guys haven't learned (or maybe they've forgotten?) how to call for the ball...
 
 
I agree Region. Sometimes I wonder though if it's that they can't hear each other. I've been at Fenway on some pretty close games and it's so loud I couldn't even hear myself think. But then again, that's also what I love about it. :-D
 
 
I'm pretty sure they call for the ball most of the time...with 35K+ fans yelling at you while running full speed, it's hard to hear. I've seen tons of collisions where one fielder was clearly yelling the other guy off, and they hit anyway.
 
 
it happened again today!

Cameron breaks facial bones
Has broken nose, fractured cheek bones and slight concussion after collision with Beltran

Mets centerfielder Carlos Beltran and rightfielder Mike Cameron collide headfirst while trying to make a diving catch on a bloop fly off the bat of San Diego's David Ross in the seventh inning. Cameron was taken off the field in a stretcher.

SAN DIEGO -- Mets right fielder Mike Cameron was taken off the field on a stretcher following a frightening head-to-head collision with center fielder Carlos Beltran in the seventh inning of a 2-1 loss to the San Diego Padres on Thursday.

The game was delayed for about 13 minutes after the diving crash. Cameron lay on the field and was tended to by trainers from both teams before being taken to Mercy Hospital.

Cameron broke his nose, had multiple fractures of both cheekbones and a slight concussion, Mets spokesman Jay Horwitz said. Cameron underwent two CT scans and was to be hospitalized overnight. He was placed on the disabled list.

Mets assistant general manager Jim Duquette said Beltran was examined by the Padres' doctor at the stadium and "everything came out normal." Beltran was to have a CT scan and then possibly head to Los Angeles to rejoin the Mets, who open a series against the Dodgers on Friday night. Beltran had a sore shoulder and a cut near his left temple.

Cameron lifted up his head at one point, and shielded his eyes from the sun as he was put onto a stretcher by paramedics, lifted onto a cart and driven off the field. He was immobilized and put in a neck brace.

Beltran got up after a few minutes after the collision and walked off the field on his own power. He left the game with a sore left shoulder and a cut on the face.
 (rest of article) 

***

i just saw the replay on ESPN -- its hard to watch... but you can't NOT watch it.
cameron was going full speed when they cracked skulls.
 
 
I just saw the replay a little while ago too. Definitely scary. I hope they're both going to be ok. Fractured facial bones are painful from what I've been told.  
 
 
If the Yankees don't catch up with the Red Sox, they're going to have to catch up with the LAA (why can't they just stick to Anaheim Angels...) right?
 
 
I still don't get why they changed their name again. Is Anaheim even that close to LA?
 
 
 
If the Yankees don't catch up with the Red Sox, they're going to have to catch up with the LAA (why can't they just stick to Anaheim Angels...) right?
 

It really isn't even so much a matter of catching up with Los Angeles. The thing is that the best team ever in the history of baseball, my beloved New York Yankees, are in the American League East and need to gain the substantial gain there. At the very least they need to get into the wildcard slot which at the present time is just not happening. Why oh why, could somebody please tell me WHY the creatures from the back bay won't just surrender and do what they should and lose?
 
 
Those days are over, Sturg, the Sox now are just another bunch of millionaires playing a kid's game for the glory of their own personal history. With the curse gone, the strangeness of the curving fly ball will be explained by wind conditions, not spirits.

They play now without magic, in other days we called it hardball.

Joe(Wait. I forgot to touch my talisman)Nation
 
 
I don't know. I still think there's magic in the air when the sox are playing. It's just how we as fans feel about our team. The passion for the game and for our team is so strong that I don't think it will ever be that easy to think of them as just another team. They'll always be magical to me. And I never thought they were spirits, I just thought we were that good.  
 
 
I'm having difficulty adjusting to success. I think I liked it better when we knew ultimately the Sox would fail,confirming New England's residual, deep down but still retrievable when needed, Calvinist suspicions about the world.
 
 
 
I still don't get why they changed their name again. Is Anaheim even that close to LA?
 

not really.
they're trying to horn in on the LA market.
its all about lining pockets; nothing about furthering a team's identity...
 
 
 
 
I still don't get why they changed their name again. Is Anaheim even that close to LA?
 

not really.
they're trying to horn in on the LA market.
its all about lining pockets; nothing about furthering a team's identity...
 

Funny how it always comes down to money. :-P
 
 
