 
 
NFL opening weekend
 
 
I'm a Niners fan, and after last weekend a huge Dorsey supporter. How can a guy go 48-2 or so in college and get NO respect. He showed tons of poise in the pocket, and made Niner quality QB passes. Now Rattay on the other hand spent half of the game on his back, and throwing up wabblers. At probably the most crucial point of the game, Rattay threw a pick in the endzone that basically sealed our fate. So I get up today expecting a Quarterback Controversy, but I hear nothing...WHAT THE F?!?! Why no love for Dorsey?
 
 
Packers on tonight!

Yee-haw!

They're gonna get squashed, tho. (First time the offensive line has played together since last season, against the defending SB champs. Hm.)
 
 
Why do you think they are gonna get squashed?
 
 
I said in parentheses.
 
 
(I don't mean, like, the first time they've played a regular season game -- obviously -- but the first time they've played together including practices, pre-season, etc. Lots of injuries.)
 
 
I would think that would be a good thing. Wahle, Clifton, Trauscher, and Rivera aren't young guys, they should do a good job.
 
 
Nah, they'll be out of sync. Practicing together is important.

I mean, if they win, great. But I'm not expecting it.
 
 
how 'bout the jets curtis martin, having his best game in 4 years, exploding for 196 yds against the bengals?
he said he ran steps all summer, and has new-found endurance at age 31...
 
 
Walter Jones has held out the past 3 years. He missed all of training camp, and a few preseason games...The past 3 years, Walter Jones made 3 Pro Bowls. So if The Pack O-Line plays well it won't be unprecedented.
 
 
I wouldn't get too happy Martin fans. Can you name 3 Bengal defensive players?
 
 
It's not just the O-line, though. Ahman Green (sigh), I forget who else. It's those kinds of guys who really have to be attuned to Brett or you get fumbles and interceptions and stuff.
 
 
I wonder what Brett's Monday Night stat line looks like....Bet it's pretty good.
 
 
I'm a Baltimore Ravens fan and they lost pathetically to Cleveland. I hope this isn't indicative of the rest of the season.  
 
 
Well that rocked!!!

I watched the middle two quarters, which were the ones to watch. Arrived when it was 3-0 Packers, left when it was 24-7 Packers. At the beginning I was mentally composing my "see I told you" reply to COL -- they just weren't in sync, nothing was going quite right, they looked ill at ease. Then Brett got it together and woo-wee!!

Also saw the halftime tribute. His LAST Monday Night Football game?! Ack.

Anyway, liked what I saw. Vintage combo of run and pass, keep the defnese off balance. Green looked good. Brett looked good. Bubba looked good. Walker looked good. Some new guys looked good. All against the defending Super Bowl champs.

Hmmmm...!
 
 
See, don't doubt the Vets, they usually come to play. Especially a guy like Wahle, who learned of passion at Navy. The Pack are lucky to have such a line.
 
 
 

DORSEY IS STARTING, DORSEY IS STARTING!!!!

 Read all about it! 
 
 
Soz, I cannot believe the doubt on our O-line.   Those guys are the bomb. Flanagan might be the best center in the game today.  

I'd also like to point out that not only did our O-Line man-handle one of the best D-Lines in the business; our defense choked the life out of a very good running game and this without Grady Jackson  . The predator was missed; but Mark Roman looked really good. Diggs is looking real hungry too!

And finally; our offensive coordinator called way too conservative of a game. Not going for points with the 50+ seconds before halftime should get him an ass kicking. If the turnovers had gone the other way; we could have been desperate for for those points. Slowik is doing a wonderful job with our defense, but we still need to use our uncommonly potent offense to it's potential (which appears near limitless! :wink: ).

One more thought... Did I see Ahmad Carroll looking like a real corner... already... or was that just wishful thinking?

Oh yeah... and YIPPIE! I'm in Wisconsin for the electricity, currently, and I've scored a ticket to see the Packers spank the Bears this coming Sunday! Who cares about Hurricanes? Go Packers!
 
 
The Packers won the game because Carolina has, arguably, the worst offensive line in the NFL.
 
 
 
I wouldn't get too happy Martin fans. Can you name 3 Bengal defensive players?
 

 
The Packers won the game because Carolina has, arguably, the worst offensive line in the NFL.
 

i say a win is a win is a win...
 
 
The WORST offensive line? These are the Super Bowl champs! Who got there in large part because of their dominating offensive line!

<high fiving O'Bill>

You're going to Lambeau? Against the Bears no less? Argh, jealousy seeping out of pores...

I know, I know, oh me of little faith. But it's pretty amazing that they pulled through so well. Ahman needed intravaneous fluids after the game and everything... but you sure couldn't tell from his performance.

What's the deal with McKenzie? I wasn't watching closely the whole time, saw something about he was a holdout and demanding to be traded? Doesn't get along with Sherman?
 
 
 
The WORST offensive line? These are the Super Bowl champs! Who got there in large part because of their dominating offensive line!
 

The Patriots were the Super Bowl champs, Soz. And the Panther do have a horrible offensive line. Ask anyone who's in the know.
 
 
Oh. Heh.

I stopped paying attention to the playoffs when Brett's pass was picked off by Philadelphia.

OK, but they MADE it that far. (Superbowl)

I just checked and a lot of articles about the game talk about how great the Carolina O-line was last year. But they do say "rebuilt", too.
 
 
Mckenzie is a greedy fool. He want's more dough... and, believe it or not, more pull in coaching decisions. I hope he also wants a ring, or he's out of here. He might be a little underpaid... but not so bad to excuse his offensive attitude. I think he's done here... and may not make any more money elsewhere... since he's proving that his sig on a contract means nothing. What a jerk.

Carolina's O-line did take a a terrible hit in the off season, but that hardly explains our near domination on both sides of the ball <throws that high five back to Soz!>

Yep it's true Soz... I get to enjoy two of my favorite things simultaneously! (Watching the Packers win... AND watching the Bears lose!)
Look for me... I'll be the guy wearing the cheese!  
 
 
Aw, that sucks about McKenzie. I like him. Or, did. :-( That can't be good for team morale.

Is Sherman genuinely to blame for this at all? I can't really get a bead on him -- can't tell if he's just adequate and does the minimum to allow the amazing talent on the team to do its thing, or if he's actually good, or actually bad. (Some baaaad calls last year...)

If you will be sitting anywhere near the end zones -- as in Lambeau Leap range -- I'm gonna absolutely implode from jealousy.

But maybe I'd really see you on TV! That'd be awesome. :-D
 
 
 
Aw, that sucks about McKenzie. I like him. Or, did. :-( That can't be good for team morale.
 
Brett's ticked at him. He says a man should honor his commitments (of course).

 
Is Sherman genuinely to blame for this at all? I can't really get a bead on him -- can't tell if he's just adequate and does the minimum to allow the amazing talent on the team to do its thing, or if he's actually good, or actually bad. (Some baaaad calls last year...)
 
Leaning towards bad in my eyes. Firing Donatell was a half measure... Tom Rossley was just as bad... and as the GM that is his fault. The Mckenzie thing is Mckenzie's fault alone. Mostly I'd go with your middle answer (doing the minimum)... but in cases like Tom Rossley's paranoia, he needs to take steps. Rossley appears to have solid plays that utilize our talent, but he is entirely too conservative when calling the plays. And sometimes; just plain stupid like calling a shotgun on 2nd down and then a rollout on 3rd and 6 (instead of the other way around   ).

Sherman reminds me of Holmgren with his idiotic clock management, too. Mostly I'd say he is just lucky enough to coach Brett Favre. Favre's talent has made practically everyone who ever coached him a star. He makes the running game easier by being scary, and what receiver wouldn't want to work with Brett? I wouldn't fire Sherman just yet, but I'd make him lean on Rossley (or fire him)... and I sure wish we'd make Ron Wolf an offer he can't refuse to come back and be GM. Just my opinion. I'm sure Gus's is different. :wink:

 
If you will be sitting anywhere near the end zones -- as in Lambeau Leap range -- I'm gonna absolutely implode from jealousy.

But maybe I'd really see you on TV! That'd be awesome. :-D
 
Don't implode, darling. I'm in one of the luxury boxes opposite the press box. Figures too, because the weather is beautiful here now. Next time (like last), I'll probably be freezing my nads off outside. Not that it matters... I'd climb a streetlight naked to see the Pack beat the Bears!
 
 
Happy to report my instinct was dead wrong!
Mckenzie's back and ready to play. He either missed his $160,000 game check, figured out he was behaving badly for a man who wanted to be traded or decided he'd like one of those fancy rings after all! I could almost care less which one. Big welcome back to the Predator!
 
 
Awright!

Love all those dreadlock guys.
 
 
Is it just me or do referees HATE the Niners?
 
 
These penalties are seriously unbelievable.

We won't win a single game if the secondary and o-line continues to play like this.

Dorsey is showing his chops, tough kid.
 
 
BILL! Can you hear me? LEAVE the stadium, right now!!

Please?
 
 
Bears over Pack, Who'd of thunk it?
 
 
Grrrr....

Still some time left...

A little teeny bit of time...

I was at a party until 3, it was at a community center that had a widescreen TV, it had the game on

AW, MAAANN!!

Oh, flag.

Anyway, it had the game on and I saw Brett's gorgeous gorgeous TD throw to Ferguson. But the widescreen TV was too wide, or something...

FUMBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I'll be back...
 
 
Ferguson is on my fantasy team, let him catch 2 more.
 
 
I love Brett, but he's GOT to stop throwing interceptions.

Geez.

-sigh-

The end of my story is just that the TV for some reason cut off the top of the screen, so there were no stats -- score, time left, anything. And no captions. For most of my life, 3:00 PM is when the first set of games end and the next set begins, so I was thinking that it was either the very end of the game or the beginning. I guessed beginning because there didn't seem the right amount of pandemonium, and I sped home thinking I was gonna see a really fun game.

Um... not.

That one TD I did see was purty. But everything else has been pretty damn UG-ly.

-sigh-
 
 
Watch the Niners game like me, they are on the verge of a big upset. Dorsey looks like Joe Montana, no joke.
 
 
If it was a 7-point game, I'd be happy right now... GB has the ball, 2 minutes lft, good field position. But 11?
 
 
Go Bears! Go Bears!
 
 
I gotta watch this one to the bitter end, COL, you know that! :-)

Good luck with the Niners tho.
 
 
8 point play, on side kick 3 point play and who knows what will happen in OT? It is a stretch, but if anyone can do it, Brett can.
 
 
[ignoring...]
 
 
Not ignoring COL!

Yeah oh here goes

facemask!!
 
 
gack

should they have gone for the 3? :-?
 
 
Tough call, It was forth and long, so maybe.....
 
 
I was watching gametrack, how did Favre manage an intentional grounding on 4th and 12?
 
 
THEY CALLED PASS INTERFERENCE ON A F.U.C.K.I.N.G SCREEN! SINCE WHEN CAN YOU NOT BLOCK ON A F.UCKING F.UCKING SCREEN?!??!!?!
 
 
10 PENALTIES FOR 125 YARDS....F.UCK!!!!!
 
 
Sorry Soz. I didn't get your message to leave until it was too late. The Bears. Hangs head.
 
 
<pats on shoulder>

Sorry you hadda see that, dude.

Was it fun, anyway? I mean, Lambeau! Beautiful day!
 
 
Bill and Soz, I have several Brian Urlacher jerseys for sale.

Interested?
 
 
<ignore>

I did that for you, Soz. Just to save you the trouble.
 
 
I know you're kidding but the Bears were growing on me in my four years there -- one can't be both a Packers and a Bears fan without one's head exploding, but...
 
 
See, you save me the trouble and I go ahead and pay attention.

Thanks for the effort, though.
 
 
Anytime
 
 
The luxury box was incredible. Fully stocked with everything for free, and the view was outstanding (if we weren't taking such a beating, that is). It was such a nice day, I would have prefered not looking through the glass... but in december I bet it's spectacular. No line for the bathrooms on that level either. Never believing we could actually lose to the Bears; I enjoyed all but the final minutes immensely. If I could afford one of those boxes; I'd have to move back to Wisconsin to enjoy it. Lambeau Field is incredible to behold in general. I can't think of anything I'd rather do than spend a Sunday afternoon there... with 70,000 of my closest friends.
 
 
Oooh, sounds great.

Can you tell me why the crowd was so subdued? There were a few times where it seemed like the perfect time to psyche up the team -- a couple of the later drives -- and they weren't doing much at all. (That's what the commentators said anyway, maybe they had it wrong...)
 
 
That's something else I didn't like about the box. The glass kinda seperates you from the rest of the crowd... I suspect they were just shell-shocked. I think everyone expected to roll over the Bears with little difficulty.
 
 
Touchy-Feeley made the game last night a nightmare. Joe Theisman said he had a deer- in - the -headlights look. Dolphins can't overcome loss of Ricky. Wannstedt gets walking papers even though he's not to blame. Oh well
 
 
Sorry I'm late... this is da' Bears Gloating Thread, right?

Bear Down, Chicago Bears
Make every play, clear the way to victory!

Bear Down, Chicago Bears
Put up a fight with a might so fearlessly!

We'll never forget the way you thrilled the nation
With your T-formation

Bear Down, Chicago Bears
And let them know why you're wearing the crown!

You're the pride and joy of Illinois,
Chicago Bears, Bear Down!!
 
 
Ohhh...such cruelty.
 
 
JP!!! You're in MILWAUKEE!! What's wrong with you??
 
 
He's just pissed cause he has the Brewers to root for.
 
 
 
Wannstedt gets walking papers even though he's not to blame.
 

The sign of a good coach is a well groomed mustache, and Wannstedt has that. I mean think about it, Ditka, Holmgren, Andy Reid and countless others. Mustaches win championships.
 
 
Yeah Gibbs, Lombardi, Walsh, Landry and Belichek had to rely on brains, poor guys. I like Wannstedt...I just can't understand what he has against Fiedler.
 
 
Fiedler's best quality is that he wins games. But while he was winning he had a running game, rather it was Lamar Smith or Ricky Williams, he had a big back to depend on. Now he lacks that so he will struggle...Why not put in the young guy and let him take his lumps early?
 
 
By the way....Dorsey will get his 2nd career start next week!

 
 
 
Ok C-O-L Makes sense. You know I gotta love Dorsey. I mean he made The Hurricanes hum. Dare I say it: A small, brainy qb in the Montana mold.
 
 
I came very close to posting that myself but I thought it was a bit too premature. But God how I'd love him to succeed. However, one of Dorsey's biggest assets is his 6'5 frame.
 
 
OK, 6-5 on a good day(I saw him play twice) but he's rather slight.
 
 
 
JP!!! You're in MILWAUKEE!! What's wrong with you??
 

Sorry to disappoint soz.

I'm an enemy behind the lines... see  here 

Oh and panz... it's worse than the Brewers...I'm a White Sox fan  
 
 
 
 
 
He took the punishment better than I expected last week, he got absolutely crunched a few times. But he just got up, and fixed his pads and helmet. Showed his toughness.
 
 
Never forget the Ohio State game when they put him back in and he took 3 snaps unconscious.
 
 
I was unaware of that, but that is toughness...How can a guy like him fall so far in the draft? How many times will arm strength help out The Patriots and The Niners of the world?
 
 
Till they stop believing the Heisman Hype
 
 
You see Kyle Boller launching balls 50+ yards from his knees on draft day and it gets him picked in the first round. Watch a Ravens game and A Niners game and tell me which QB you'd want now.
 
 
Is it possible to have a make or break game in the 3rd week? If there is such a thing, The Chiefs have one this week. It will be really tough for a preseason Super Bowl pick to rebound from 0-3, with that 3rd loss coming from The Texans.
 
 
