 
 
Why Do You Watch the Super Bowl?
 
 
Just curious.
 
 
This may be blasphemy, especially because I live in "Bucs" territory, but I will NOT watch the Super Bowl, or the World Series, or any other team sport. I don't care much for team sports. My attitude may have something to do with my first husband, who used to listen and watch two different games at once.................  
 
 
I don't watch football. And, I heard on the radio that most (MOST!) people watch it FOR the commercials! Could that be right?
 
 
wimmins!  
 
 
Superbowl. And that would be football, right?
 
 
haHA! Roger doesn't watch either you evil owl.
 
 
I always know what day the big event is, but I have no idea when it starts. If, per chance, I'm surfing around on the TV, I like to watch those funky commercials.

I heard that the Super Bowl is the most-watched show on television. Could it be true?
 
 
Errr, Roger... you don't like soccer either?
 
 
I probably won't watch this year for the first time ever. Too heartbroken about the Packers, not interested in the remaining two teams.  
 
 
Not especially, c. Um, let me know when this big event is going to be held. Sounds like a good time to plan my annual Wal-Mart excursion. I hate crowds.
 
 
I'm a sports fan by nature. If one of the teams I root for is in it (Giants or Jets), I watch it like any other game. If not, it's more to root against one of the teams rather than for one. And then there are the commercials. Also, it's too cold for bicycling in Central Park, a frequent Sunday pleasure.
 
 
Pssst... Roger - tomorrow 3 p.m. PST (I think). Anytime from noon on should be good for a Walmart excursion. The die-hards watch the pre-game shows, the pre-pre-game shows and the prequel to the pre-game shows. The game takes like six hours or something like that. They probably have a post-game show too. I'm surprised Walmart doesn't just shut down for the day!
 
 
Sexy guys wearing very tight pants!
No better reason, my friends. Beats the ballet anyday.  
 
 
Why wasn't sex an option in the poll?  
 
 
New Haven, you're in quite the "romantic" mood today!
 
 
Anything>>>>>>>to kill these Winter blues!  
 
 
Well then - carry on, New Haven. (Love the avatar)
 
 
Watch to referee hubby's loud, profane comments.

Try to remind him Its Just A Game.....

Have Blood Pressure cuff handy, just in case.

(New Haven is on the prowl. Feelin' froggy.)
 
 
I definately watch it for commercials. The half-time show and the game usually stink, IMHO.

A cool superbowl party doesn't hurt either....
 
 
Has the party started yet, Sublime?
:wink:
 
 
rog, time to head to Wal-Mart. The 'fun' started about 25 minutes ago.

Hubby will watch some of it. I'm up here, with you all. :-D

We'll prolly watch a wrestling tape (not that that's more interesting, but the injuries are [usually] fake, plus I get my fill of guys in - ahem - tight gear, plus hubby can watch gals in - ahem - tight gear).

New Haven's rubbing off on me.

And I mean that figuratively, of course.
 
 
I found out many years ago that one team will win and one team will lose, entirely on their own, without my intervention.

Out here in New England... Patsies territory. Peolpe act really odd when I tell them that I gave up on the TV. I tell 'em that the last time I turned on the TV for my own was when the Patriots were in the SuperBowl....

Pause half a breath...

... the Patriots lost.
 
 
A 360 pound football player doesn' really look too sexy!  
 
 
I watch because I enjoy football.
If I could have played football, I would have, but football was not a female sport in school. I'd even play now if I could, but I'm over the hill.
Know of any over the hill female teams looking for another player?  
 
 
I like football.

I really like football when the Steelers win.
 
 
For the pure love of the game and the thrill of it.
 
 
I, on occasion, watch a game of football. But I have watched every single Super Bowl game ever since I knew what football was. It is just a fun thing to do. It is the one game that matters to show who had it at the right moment. There isn't a series of games it is one game. Who ever has the most points at the end of this one game wins. And the energy of the whole day is awesome. The commercials are great and the halftime show is entertaining but I just love watching it. It is almost like a unified thing. It is like I am doing the same thing every other American is doing on that day. That is just oddly cool. I am excited just talking about it. Can't waite. Oh well I am in the City the Super Bowl will be in. If only the Texans had a chance. But I still lov' 'em.
 
 
Just found this discussion. Why would anyone want to sit around watching a bowl?
 
 
rog- If it were filled with yummy won-ton soup, I would. But watching a bunch of sweaty guys running after a stupid ball is not my idea of a fun afternoon.
 
 
