 
 
Leeds or sheffield? (For a walk) :)
 
 
I really fancy doing alot of working tommorrow and maybe a little shop.
Ive been a sheffield alot of times, but never to Leeds, i fancy something new, but aint sure, what you think?
 
 
May as well go once and see if you like it, right?
 
 
 
Originally Posted by MarknSpark
May as well go once and see if you like it, right?

 

Yup!
 
 
Mighty Leeds.  
 
 
Leeds. Sheffield gets boring if you've been several times.
 
 
Leeds is a haven for shoppers. From exclusive designer fashions at Harvey Nichols and Strand, to a huge choice of books at Borders you're sure to find what you want. Music fans can also shop at the legendary Jumbo Records and Crash, or you can browse for unique gifts in the Corn Exchange.

Corn Exchange
Built in 1865 by Cuthbert Brodrick to house the City's Corn Exchange, the building has been recently renovated and there is now a myriad of specialist shops and restaurants. Buy everything from snowboards to original works of art.

Headrow Centre
Multi-level shopping mall housing the UK's largest sports store, and Yorkshire's largest music shop.

Kirkgate Market
Victorian Market buildings which housed Michael Mark's (of Marks & Spencer's) first Penny Bazaar in 1890. Stalls sell everything from fruit and veg to clothes and electrical goods.

The Light
Brand new shopping and leisure complex right in the city centre. Includes several large clothes shops, restaurants, a fitness centre and multiplex 13 screen cinema.

Victoria Quarter
Encompassing Queen Victoria Street and the County and Cross Arcades the Victoria Quarter houses a variety of designer shops and cafe's. Features include a stained glass ceiling by Brian Clarke, the largest in Britain and mosaic floors by Joanna Veevers.

So forget Sheffield and shop in Leeds.
 
 
Oh Yes, Sheffield Is Boring.. Big Time.

Sheffielders are really Great people But i dont know why, majority are sad !!

i have lived in london, lincoln, nottingham, bournemouth, sheffield, liverpoole, manchester But let me tell you something..........

MY DESTINASION AFTER ALL IS.. BOURNEMOUTH,

I am coming back to the must happy place in u.k

TaKe ThIs AdViSe FrOm An ExPeRiEnCeD MaN    
 
 
