 
 
Sydney
 
 
Hi
I'm a 21 year old Irish female who is planning to visit Australia on a working holiday visa hopefully in January 2006. I'm going with two friends who are the same age and i was just wondering if anyone could give me advice on where the best areas are within Sydney for us to start looking at accomodation? We all plan to spend several months at least working in Sydney so i supose advice on how to go about finding jobs would be helpful aswell!Obviously being three girls in our early twenties we would like to find a place somewhere that has a bit of life about it!!
Any help at all would be great!
Cheers
 
 
Welcome to A2K, eire!  

We have a few Sydney members here, so it won't be long before you receive the advice you need, I'm sure.

Enjoy your trip!  
 
 
thanks for replying msolga!
if anyone else out there could give me some advice it would be great...pleeeeeease....  
 
 
eire

There must be a million Irish backpackers in Sydney - and they congregate in share flats in the eastern suburbs, around the beaches. Have a look at domain.com.au - for share accommodation, to get an idea of what is available. Consider places like Bondi, Coogee, Bronte, Maroubra. Some of the backpacker hostels also have share lists. You won't be able to organise before you get here - but should have no problems when you do.

Depending on your skills and experience, you can register with an employment agency, scour the newspapers, ask around, etc. The Sydney Morning Herald has an employment section, the name of which just defeats me right now, (www.smh.com.au), so you could check there to see the sort of things offering. In a previous life, I had a couple of great secreaties from ireland, arriving just as you did - and theycame via secretarial agencies.

You'll have a ball!
 
 
Say, ain't old Ponquility in Sydney. Better hope he don't get wind a this, he's hornier 'n a three-legged dog...
 
 
 
 
 
Hello!
I'll move to Sydney for a year or so with my husband, and I would like to take my two dogs with us.
Does anyone knows how difficult this could be or what policies does Australia have about admitting animals coming from anothe countries?

Any help will be appreciated!!
Thanks!
 
 
 quarantine information 

You need to get to this site, it's the Australian Quarantine and Information Service site. If you check it out you will see a link to Importing Cats and Dogs, click on that and you can dowload some information sheets. You will need to find your country and then follow the requirements from there.

Your vet will need to help you interpret some of this materials.

Good luck with it.
 
 
:wink:
 
 
 
Say, ain't old Ponquility in Sydney. Better hope he don't get wind a this, he's hornier 'n a three-legged dog...
 

I will not stoop to the level of this 'discussion' to reply. I am above such.... 'Slappy & Gustave'.... BTW old 'Sir Humps Yer Leg' avatar seems to be a little, challenged... in the 4th leg department.....
 
 
 
Obviously being three girls in our early twenties we would like to find a place somewhere that has a bit of life about it!!
 

Look everyone!! Attractive and youthful women are crossing the world to be in the same country, nay, the SAME CITY as me!!! Perhaps even to a internet cafe in the same block as the one I am in at this very moment!!!! Swoon!
 
 
OK - seriously.

You won't find ANY shortage of short-term accommodation in Sydney. The place is full of backpackers-style hostels and the like - however after a while it does wear thin. I would recommend joining the Youth Hostels Association as you can use their facilities Australia-wide  YHA Australia . They are good, clean, fairly cheap and SAFE!

Another bonus is that employers of travellers also use them as a place to find employees. On the whole, you will be able to find some short-term work, depending on your skills - I've worked with some really sweet young women from both Ireland and Scotland over time.
 
 
Working in Sydney.

The Sydney Morning Herald is GOD!! Their jobs website is:  MyCareer 
start looking at it now, so you are used to it before getting here!

For instance:

 
Backpackers Welcome!!!
Outbound Telemarketing
Great City Location with Fantastic Views!!
$17 per hour

We have a number of positions available offering great bonus and incentive opportunities for 3 month and ongoing contracts.You must be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills, effective listening skills and an ability to confidently and competently navigate PC platforms.

In return you will secure an on-going temp role in a brand new call centre with all the mod cons as well as being part of a fantastic team who aim to make this experience enjoyable. Casual clothing required, suits not allowed. Both residents and travellers welcome!

You will be required to make outbound calls to existing customers about information that has been sent out to them.

You will be required to work a 37.5 hours a week from Monday to Friday from 11:45 to 8.00pm

Previous phone-based or face-to-face sales experience and will have worked in a sales environment where targets were required.

To apply for the position please apply on line or if you wish to find out more please call Sue Miller today on 02 9246 6000.
 
 
 
and the like...

 
Underwriting Administrator - Travellers Welcome!
Fantastic Company
$18 - $20
Travellers Welcome

Our client, a leading insurer based in the CBD are seeking a motivated and customer service focused administrator to join their professional team of insurance administrators. You will be responsible for all administration for the underwriting team as well as working as part of a friendly team. You will also have responsibility for work scheduling and prioritizing to ensure service time standards are met.

To be regarded for this exciting step into insurance you will possess:

Exceptional communication skills (written & verbal)
excellent administration skills
Ability to work as part of a team
previous insurance experience will be highly regarded!

To hear more about this position please forward your resume to Christian Smith.
 
 
 
Pub work is an alternative. Sydney seems to be also full of Irish-themed hotels...

 

 

They would be looking for the colleens wid tha Gaelige? No?
 
 
You would have to do a short course. Responsible Serving of Alcohol, it is RSA for short. For a long time I wondered why you needed a qualification from the Republic of South Africa to pull beers......
 
 
 
Working in Sydney.

The Sydney Morning Herald is GOD!! Their jobs website is:  MyCareer 
start looking at it now, so you are used to it before getting here!

For instance:

 
Backpackers Welcome!!!
Outbound Telemarketing
Great City Location with Fantastic Views!!
$17 per hour

We have a number of positions available offering great bonus and incentive opportunities for 3 month and ongoing contracts.You must be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills, effective listening skills and an ability to confidently and competently navigate PC platforms.

In return you will secure an on-going temp role in a brand new call centre with all the mod cons as well as being part of a fantastic team who aim to make this experience enjoyable. Casual clothing required, suits not allowed. Both residents and travellers welcome!

You will be required to make outbound calls to existing customers about information that has been sent out to them.

You will be required to work a 37.5 hours a week from Monday to Friday from 11:45 to 8.00pm

Previous phone-based or face-to-face sales experience and will have worked in a sales environment where targets were required.

To apply for the position please apply on line or if you wish to find out more please call Sue Miller today on 02 9246 6000.
 

 

THe sydney morning heerald and the career websites are only useful for people who have specialised skills, mainly for people who have had a tertiary education. IF this is not you, dont even bother looking up seek.com.au or buy a copy of the sydney morning herald because your chances of getting an interview isnt realistic
 
 
Scruffy Murphy's a is a good Irish pub in Sydney. Bloody loud at night there though.
 
 
OK - I may have scared off the lassie with some of my earlier posts (probably looking at a holiday in NZ at this very moment).

 The Word Australia  has a published guide to finding work in Australia. Give me an address and I'll post it to you - no charge to you.
 
 
Everyone is scared to give you their address for the fear of safety
 
 
Mr Stillwater has my email address and has never, ever attacked me.

But then....I'm pretty formidable....
 
 
And you like cricket...and you probably have a cricket bat and you probably know how to swing said cricket bat.
 
 
Sydney is a hole. One of the biggest holes on this planet that Ive been to.
 
 
...well I dont care much for Sydney either, esp the inner city....I was going to ask eire....why go to Sydney?
 
 
 
And you like cricket...and you probably have a cricket bat and you probably know how to swing said cricket bat.
 

and if it isn't cricket, it's tennis - I have a bat and know how to use it!

Why do you think Sydney is a hole, James?
 
 
Theres not much in sydney to see, other than a load of country scenes and lots and lots of green patchy areas. theres only few streets in the city that resembles a place that is not a hole.
 
 
 
Theres not much in sydney to see, other than a load of country scenes and lots and lots of green patchy areas. theres only few streets in the city that resembles a place that is not a hole.
 

Just can't imagine waht part of Sydney you're looking at - I've lived here all my life (SO FAR!!!) and haven't met anything that fits that description - although I suppose the green patchy areas may be parks, suffering under drought!

Where are you?
 
 
I've only ever visited as a domestic tourist but once I spent a week out at Parramatta staying in a private home (Cherrybrook). I spent a week at Pittwater as well on a trade union training course. Now that was a lovely spot.

Anyway James' description doesn't ring any bells with me either. I know it's different living in a place and just being a tourist and breezing around but that rather drastic evaluation of it strikes me as being wrong. However, we see things through our own eyes I suppose.
 
 
Sydney's fine except for the people (With a few exceptions Margo!)

I'd hate to have to park there regularly though!
 
 
Technically it isn't stalking when they're not in the same hemisphere as you!

Sydney - is.....

BLISS!
 
 
i like sydney, but...um...not that much!
isn't bliss overrating the conditions?
 
 
Been having a good time, Stilly!?

Had the restraint order lifted!????
 
 
