 
 
Man behind 'Kony 2012' arrested...
 
 
... for masturbating in public  

 http://rt.com/usa/news/kony-2012-arr...turbating-777/ 
 
 
HORNY 2012

 
 
 
'More on arrest of #Kony2012 creator: Police got calls reporting "a man in various stages of undress, running through traffic + screaming."'

 
 
 
Classic.
 
 
The official statement given by the Invisible Children charity about this is absolutely staggering. They're trying to excuse him:

Invisible Children's CEO Ben Keesey released a statement, according to NBC, saying: "Jason Russell was unfortunately hospitalized yesterday suffering from exhaustion, dehydration, and malnutrition. He is now receiving medical care and is focused on getting better. The past two weeks have taken a severe emotional toll on all of us, Jason especially, and that toll manifested itself in an unfortunate incident yesterday. Jason's passion and his work have done so much to help so many, and we are devastated to see him dealing with this personal health issue. We will always love and support Jason, and we ask that you give his entire family privacy during this difficult time."
 
 
 
 
 
"He was found leaving his invisible children on the bonnet of a car".
 
 
"Jason Russell was detained after a man was reported masturbating in public, vandalizing cars and possibly under the influence of something, "

What a man.

Go big or go home.
 
 
Wont somebody please think of the children? Well he did and now he's arrested for masturbating in public...

However I still think child armies > public masturbation on the scale of evil
 
 
 
Jason's passion

 

 

Why did this make me smirk?!
 
 
Drama upon drama... When will this end?
 
 
If anything I like him more now, that goody goody christian act was gettin really old, really quickly...
 
 
How the evil are humiliated and exposed...
 
 
Well, I didn't see that coming..
 
 
 
HORNY 2012

 

 

Ding ding ding! Winner!
 
 
"described as a “grand storyteller and dreamer” behind their operation. By Friday afternoon, however, the bio page of the Invisible Children website was unavailable."
  "grand masturbator/****er" should have been the follow up...
 
 
Kony 2012 is a complete sham anyway.
 
 
i think the attention got him too excited
 
 
When Jacob and Gavin hear about this...  
 
 
lol this is just jokes
 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HQdb819w0w 

looooool
 
 
Now he'll have to video his kid as he breaks the awful truth to him.

Can't wait.
 
 
Joke time then lads...?

In the Invisible Children interview he said he was a hands on guy.

Uganda be kidding me with this story!

I guess he wasn't afraid of beating the bush to find the children!
 
 
Haha 'he just watched the Mass Effect 3 ending'
 
 
Who would have thought the creator of 'KONY 2012' would be arrested before Kony.

 
 
 
Bony 2012
 
 
Also, how is he "blonde-haired"?
 
 
videos like 'kony 2012' do not go viral without reason. the video is obviously american propanganda designed to soften up the public for its 'afracom' agenda.

the question is, has this guy literally gone mad on his own or was he drugged by forces who oppose the 'afracom' agenda?
 
 
You mean he's not a perfect angel sent straight from the heavens!

 
 
 
 
videos like 'kony 2012' do not go viral without reason. the video is obviously american propanganda designed to soften up the public for its 'afracom' agenda.

the question is, has this guy literally gone mad on his own or was he drugged by forces who oppose the 'afracom' agenda?

 

What the hell did i just read...
 
 
They've disabled comments on the Kony 2012 Youtube video now. Low.
 
 
I'd be masturbating in public too if I was raking in thousands from retarded idealistic 30 second social activist teenagers.
 
 
How dare he shoot his children in public!
 
 
 
Well, I didn't see that coming cumming..

 

There, fixed that for you  
 
 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HQdb819w0w 

looooool

 

    Whaaaaat?!
 
 
Looks like he'll have to explain to his Star Wars-obsessed son that he was just playing with his lightsaber.
 
 
 
 
 
 
What the hell did i just read...

 

dyslexia must be a drag.
 
 
 
dyslexia must be a drag.

 

I wouldnt know, given dyslexia has nothing to do with anything being unable to read your post of pure incoherent rubbish.
 
 
 
I wouldnt know, given dyslexia has nothing to do with anything being unable to read your post of pure incoherent rubbish.

 

ahhhh. babes can't read. sweets. xx
 
 
I bet he was just thinking about the children, and/or Kony.
 
 
Does anyone else think this has something to do with Juju?
 
 
 
 
 
Is this story ratified anywhere else? I've heard a lot about this being absolute bull****!!!
 
 
 http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012...igner-detained 

All i can say is u gan da be kidding me?!
 
 
"So if he was masturbating﻿ out in public here, what do you think he was doing in Uganda with a bunch of children?"

Best comment ive read on youtube by far  
 
 
I'm in trouble
 
 
Hahahahaha. 2 hours into the campaign that guy must've been so pleased with how it was going. How quickly things change...
 
 
Oh my GOD look at this

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6QWdVD4zsc 

No, seriously. Watch it all.
 
 
Wtf. Is the only way I can describe that article.
 
 
Here's the video
 http://www.tmz.com/2012/03/16/jason-.../#.T2PbMFZKT-J 

Lool
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oh my GOD look at this

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6QWdVD4zsc 

No, seriously. Watch it all.

 

whaaat did I just see?
Couldn't tell if this was a pisstake of the kony campaign until I saw the upload date...
again, whaat?
 
 
 
whaaat did I just see?
Couldn't tell if this was a pisstake of the kony campaign until I saw the upload date...
again, whaat?

 

That's what I thought, until I too looked at the upload date and dates of the last comments.

       
 
 
 
Kony 2012 is a complete sham anyway.

 

Correct, but the thing in your sig about oil in uganda is complete bull****
 
 
I don't see the big deal personally. He's masturbated publicly before: just look at Kony 2012.
 
 
Anyway. Is it just me or does he definitely not have a penis?
 
 
It just shows the power of the internet and how we are all one people brought together. A week ago nobody knew who this dude was but thanks to the power of people sharing a video and wanting to make a stand for what is right the whole world knows he's a tosser.
 
 
Classic hippy noob.

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg2UiugOtvY 

The douchebagery of dogooders knows no bounds.
 
 
Africa + OIL! = Scare tactics﻿ to invade a sovereign nation by the NATO and the USA.

Kony = The new Osama Bin Ladin.

Don't be surprised if in 5-10 years time Britain is sending troops to Africa.
 
 
 
Does anyone else think this has something to do with Juju?

 

LOOOOL
are you sure you wanna bring african magic into this? :P
 
 
