 
 
THE MOST HORRENDOUS EVENT IN WRITTEN HISTORY
 
 
I realize this is a subjective question. My intent is that you will limit your answers to documented world events. Of course, the interesting part is your support statements and references. Let the thinking begin!
 
 
Can I have two votes?

The Rwandan Genocides  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rwandan_Genocide 

And the Khmer Rouge atrocities in Cambodia
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Kampuchea 

Both these distress me more than say the Nazi extermination programs because the international community was complicit in the crime. Genocide allowed for reasons of political expediency - with Western nations sewing the seeds of calamity but washing their hands of the dark harvest.
 
 
BM
 
 
It depends a lot on what you would regard as "horrendous".

How about the explosion of Santorini? Countless lives lost, and the utter destruction of one of the world's great civilizations. The event was felt over the entire earth, and may have had cultural impacts upon many human societies.

Closer to us in time, what can compare to the Black Death that reduced the European population by as much as one third. The Plague was the last straw in destabilizing a Feudal/church system that had endured a thousand years. I asked what could compare to the Black Death, how about the diseases that reduced the aboriginal inhabitants of the New World to perhaps a tenth of what existed before the arrival of Europeans.

It's pretty hard to be more "horrendous" than Mother Nature, but perhaps you reserve the term for the wanton acts of human cruelty. In that case, what are we looking for sheer numbers of deaths, percentages, or those acts that appear meaningless to "rational" minds?
 
 
I am for human agency when it comes to horror.....the natural stuff is, in my view, awesome and tragic for we poor, bare, forked animals...but horror comes when it is planned and thought out.

I am finding it hard to differentiate between the Nazi holocaust, Stalin and Mao's decimation of their people, or the invasions of the Americas and Australia by white people.

I think that the genocides that occurred with these invasions were not especially planned...so I am going for one of the first three....not sure which yet.
 
 
"Written history" helps narrow it somewhat.

Do you actually mean 'horrendous' is in the consequences or fallout from the event or do you mean 'horrific' as in how much suffering was involved?
 
 
Actually, Mr. Stillwater, a combination of both, is that possible?

I believe the public has a very short memory re such events. Yes, Hurricane Katrina has caused great suffering; however, as the details become clearer, it was the lack of proper human workmanship on the dikes and lack of government leadership which lead to the extented kill zone. And contrary to immediate emotional suffering, I don't see this event at the top of our list.

My wish is to give life to those events in written history so that we can measure them against a Hurricane Katrina. Do what you can to give life to your nominee. Don't let us forget the details. Cause us to lift ourselves up out of our lifespan and experience the depth and sufferings of mankind over time.
 
 
hingehead, I found your format helpful. Your quotation, "Despite intelligence provided before the killing began, and international news media coverage reflecting the true scale of violence as the genocide unfolded, virtually all first-world countries declined to intervene." Suggests darker motives among the FIRST-WORLD COUNTRIES. Your references certainly opened the door to serious readers.

If I would have added anything, it would be a bit more descriptive. Additional details, which would cause me to pause, think and click your offered URL.
 
 
OK, what did I do to turn people off to this thread?
 
 
Perhaps the 'measuring things against Hurricane Katrina' did it. Maybe you should have gone with 'measured against Janet Jackson's tits-out moment'....
 
 
I miss Abuzz's star ratings. But Stilly gets 5.

And he quotes David Byrne....

And has a new avatar.
 
 
Mr. Stillwater, perhaps you are right.
 
 
 
Mr. Stillwater, perhaps you are right.
 

Probably. And a more than a few points to Hingehead, latest winner of the "Spot Stilly's Quote Competition".

Mapleleaf - we all end up with a topic (or three) that never quite makes it. Blame Gustaf or the Bunny, it is a never fail fall-back....
 
 
I know, but sometimes I am able to redirect the topic  
 
 
It seems an overwhelming task, there have been so many, and so diverse...
 
 
For a simplistic answer I will go with WW II.

WIthin that I will pick the Batan Death March
 
 
ralpheb,

For our historically disadvantaged, would you write a paragraph or two describing the march? Or a site URL?
 
 
sand creek massacre, colorado, usa
 
 
 http://home.pacbell.net/fbaldie/In_Retrospect.html 

This should give some information on the death March
 
 
"The most_(x)__in history"

is an invitation to oversimplification and superficiality.

Human history is too complex a process to be meaningfully reduced to simplified formulaic statements, although many notable people (including historians, philosophers, and economists) have tried to do just that.
 
 
Ralphen, interesting reading...so many stories within a story.

Harris, how then do we come to appreciated the traverses of man and the world?

What are the questions we must ask. How are the responses to be recorded. How you measure the depravity of the groups involved?
 
 
I don't think I could differentiate among the top twenty or so such events - very difficult to compare the relative effects of such events in different ages.

However, for the Modern Era, I believe World War I takes ther prize. It was a horrible conflict itself, and it was fought over practically nothing by Eurropean powers that had no rivals in the world except each other. Moreover, it defined the events of the awful 20th century. the major catastrophies and conflicts that followed- and which continue today, are all traceable to it. This included the worldwide economic collapse of 1930, World War II, the Cold War, and the current conflict between Islam and the West (we have Britain and France,with some help from Nazi Germany, to thank for that.)
 
 
george,
Your words appear carefully chosen...and with the inclusion of so many dramatic events; I think it could the answer to the question. In fact, I would love for the membership to piece it together from the being to the end of your statement.
 
 
The most horrific event... Dec 7th. That's my second wife's birthday.
 
 
Thank god it's not your wife's second birthday.
 
 
I was reading an article last week about the view of an incident for men and say a frog. The frog is programmed to go after a small shadow that crosses his circle of vision. He normally accummulates a belly full of insects. If you dropped B-Bs within his vision, his belly becomes full of metal.

Man's perception is colored by the similar situations from his past. He doesn't tell you what he has just seen; he relates what his brain thinks he saw...it's a wonder we can trust anyone's point of view.
 
 
 
I don't think I could differentiate among the top twenty or so such events - very difficult to compare the relative effects of such events in different ages.

However, for the Modern Era, I believe World War I takes ther prize. It was a horrible conflict itself, and it was fought over practically nothing by Eurropean powers that had no rivals in the world except each other. Moreover, it defined the events of the awful 20th century. the major catastrophies and conflicts that followed- and which continue today, are all traceable to it. This included the worldwide economic collapse of 1930, World War II, the Cold War, and the current conflict between Islam and the West (we have Britain and France,with some help from Nazi Germany, to thank for that.)
 

Hmmmm.....if it wasn't for Britain's stance during WW2, the whole of Europe would have eventually been taken over by Russia.

America would have lagged FAR behind in the development of rockets and missiles, as all the German scientists would probably have been forced to work for Stalin.

The cold war would have been completely different, with the USSR probably being the dominant force. God knows how THAT would have turned out.

So, if you want to start thanking Britain, at least try to include about the most important thing that we have done in a very long time.
Our WW2 started in 1939.
 
 
thank you, Britain!

Ours started in 1939, too. We were, however, on the wrong side. Bummer.
 
 
 
thank you, Britain!

Ours started in 1939, too. We were, however, on the wrong side. Bummer.
 

I shall pass on your thanks to my father's generation, Dag.

I am well aware that half of Europe ended up behind the Iron curtain, and it must have been bloody awful. However, it could have been all of us, I suppose.
It's obvious that Britain dealt quite a bit of sh*t around in the olden days, and some very stupid and ruthless decisions were made, purely because we had the military muscle to do basically what we wanted.

It's a shame that the world's present empire builder has not learned by our mistakes. Maybe this is the way of the world, as history DOES seem to repeat itself regarding this type of thing.

China will probably be doing the same old thing in about fifty years or so.
 
 
well, at least britain was among the 'kinder' colonizers.

speaking about horrendous, King Leopold's colonization project of the Congo has to be among the top 10, or 20.
 
 
 
Hmmmm.....if it wasn't for Britain's stance during WW2, the whole of Europe would have eventually been taken over by Russia.

America would have lagged FAR behind in the development of rockets and missiles, as all the German scientists would probably have been forced to work for Stalin.

The cold war would have been completely different, with the USSR probably being the dominant force. God knows how THAT would have turned out.

So, if you want to start thanking Britain, at least try to include about the most important thing that we have done in a very long time.
Our WW2 started in 1939.
 

I quite agree with you with respect to Britain's actions in WWII - after Chamberlain left office. What preceeded it wasn't so admirable. Selling out the Czechs (and, in effrect, the Poles) at Munich was not Britain's finest hour. Very likely Chamberlain was partly motivated by a fear of the USSR, and the hope or expectation that the Nazis might be a buffer. It turned out they were no improvement.

I believe that the Soviet Empire would have collapsed of its own internal contradictions, even if Britain and the U.S. had not actively opposed Germany.

However my basic point had to do with WWI, which set the stage for the whole sorry scene of the 2oth century, including the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia and the rise of Nazism in Germany. I blame all the European powers equally for that - and the United States for being foolish enough to get involved. All we accomplished by our sending 800,000 men to the Western Front was to enable Britain and France to divert 500,000 of their troops to the seizure of the Ottoman Empire - the after effects of which are troubling us even today, and, by giving the Allies the advantage in 1918, enabling Lloyd George and Clemenceau (and Woodrow Wilson) to sow the seeds of the next conflict in an unjust and ill-conceived "peace".
 
 
I have not appeared in this thread before for two reasons, the first being that i find contentions about superlatives, and especially "historical" superlatives distasteful. The second is that i do not wish to be confronted by the fantasies which pass for history in the minds of others (comments about what may or may not be fantasy on my part will not be entertained).

However, with regard to this:

 
THE MOST HORRENDOUS EVENT IN WRITTEN HISTORY
 

It is unlikely that much can be said about the nature of the putatively most horrendous event in unwritten history...

As you were...
 
 
Hello Setanta, good to know that you are still kicking around.  
 
 
I suppose I should not be surprised to read comments by Europeans nominating Europe as the site of events. I wonder what an Asian scholar would write?
 
 
hingehead, you wrote:

"Can I have two votes?

" Rwandan Genocides  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ 
Rwandan_Genocide

And the Khmer Rouge atrocities in Cambodia
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Kampuchea 

" these distress me more than say the Nazi extermination programs because the international community was complicit in the crime. Genocide allowed for reasons of political expediency - with Western nations sewing the seeds of calamity but washing their hands of the dark harvest."
----------------------------------------------------------------------
It's difficult to comment on your statement.
You refer to the "Rwanda genocides" and to "Khmere Rouge atrocities." Fine. Then, in an incredible euphemism, you refer to "the Nazi extermination programs." Sounds a bit like summer camp.

The word "genocide" was first applied to to the attempted extermination of Jews by Nazi Germany. How ironic.

You need to read endless material available on how the international community was complicit in the crimes of the Holocaust - Jews, slavs, etc.
 
 
I believe you are mistaken, and that the word genocide was first applied to the Turkish attempt to exterminate Armenians resident in Anatolia after the Great War. But don't let me rain on your parade--rant on.
 
 
It is all beyond my imagination. I have never walked amongst bodies or tried to escape the smell of burning flesh.
 
 
In terms of the scale, I voted for the Ghengis Khan and his Mongolian cavalries' conquest over almost the whole Eurasia continent.

Years ago I read a population document concerned with him, which indicated before he put his feet into Pan-China's territory (all-together 4 nations Song, which is a Han-dominated state, Xi Xia, Liao, which was ended by the last one, Jin ), the whole population was roughly 150 million. And after he finished his job, I mean only the mindless conquest in China, there were only 50 million.

Mongolian army was notorious for the whole-scale no-one-left massacres of the cities whose garrisons and residents objected to surrender.

Undoutebly, it was the most "horrendous" event, although just in terms of the scale, which is also an undoutebly narrow sense.
 
 
 
 
