 
 
A2slacKers
 
 
Check out this space on Sunday.
 
 
Space?  
 
 
Sunday?
 
 
realjohnboy's exercise day??
 
 
Well, Sunday's not until tomorrow, here....
 
 
Well, osso, according to the date on your post, it IS Sunday!  
 
 
CI you better check you time settings here
 
 
Curiosity killed the cat, meeeeeow.
 
 
er, it says Saturday and is Saturday. I know for sure, since I worked today...
 
 
Sunday's almost gone........
nothing yet!
 
 
I have twenty five minutes to Sunday.

I am a nervous friggin' wreck.
 
 
Well, leave a little space in case you explode...
 
 
AHA! Gus is one time zone over from me! I bet he lives in Ohio! I bet he's justa_babbling_brooke's secret lover! Of course! All the pieces of the puzzle are coming together now...
 
 
 
AHA! Gus is one time zone over from me! I bet he lives in Ohio! I bet he's justa_babbling_brooke's secret lover! Of course! All the pieces of the puzzle are coming together now...
 

dicktective - kicky - WTG
 
 
johnboy crouches in the corner of the dark room illuminated only by his computer screen. Pop-up ads for porn, on line gambling and home refinancing pile up, one on top of each other, in a strange montage.
johnboy gnaws on the fingernail of his left thumb. All he said was watch this space on Sunday. He knows what he is planning to do there but suddenly there is a group of people waiting, waiting like this is going to be the second coming.
It's not going to be anything as big as that (although, since this is in the sports thread it may be close).

There is a cool infomercial on tv right now. Shouldn't you be watching that?

(PS gus told me, quite sincerely, where he lives. If he wasn't lying to me, johnboy knows. But I ain't telling).
 
 
Johnboy, are you being an a2slacker by leaving us here to wait for your return?

<peeks at Johnboy from inside his monitor, better yet, sits right down next to him :-) >
 
 
sunday morning in the midwest. i'm not at church...

...for approximately the 1560th consecutive week...

...what're we waiting for?
 
 
We are waiting for The Realjohnboy to step forward.

Fasten seatbelts please :-)
 
 
psst, kicky, Ohio has the SAME time zone as y'all. EST.
 
 
Johnboy is from Virgina, I believe.
 
 
If this is where the slackers from S&F hang, it's not for me.

After I bench an ungodly amount of weight, an amount that there's not enough space here to enter, which sends the children, women, and rats scurrying(I put those in the proper ranking order in society), I stand up and scream "OOOOH YEAH!"

But the Kool Aid guy never comes bursting in, and people just look at me funny. Some day.
 
 
 
psst, kicky, Ohio has the SAME time zone as y'all. EST.
 

Okay, then how about Chicago?
 
 
Yep he has the same timezone as me.

I think he lives down the hall from me, It would certainly explain the capybara droppings in the elevator.
 
 
All johnboy said was "Ckeck out this space on Sunday." Its not like I was promising anything momentous on the moribund Sports and Fitness thread; just a silly idea for a little amusement but some of yall are standing around (and getting impatient) thinking I'm going to be giving away free ponies. Sorry, no free ponies.
The men's college basketball tournament begins next week ("Basketball? Johnboy built this whole hype about mere basketball").

Here's the plan: The brackets for the 64 teams that will participate will be announced in a few hours. 32 games in four regions of the country with the winners advancing on until only two, and then one team, is left standing.
Your task is to pick the games. DON'T WORRY THAT YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT BASKETBALL. You can select randomly, you can go for the higher seeded team or the school where the sister of some ex girl/boyfriend went. You can go for the Catholic colleges. Whatever.

Here's how to play (why is this sounding like pledge week on NPR? You NPR fans have donated, right?)

Log on to espn.com
Somewhere (they keep moving it around but a few minutes ago it was about halfway down in a yellow box) is the invitation to Play Tournament Challenge. You have to register (screenname, password and opt out/in of promotional stuff.

AND THEN YOU CAN JOIN A GROUP. I created A2slacKers for yall to join if you are so inclined. But be aware that it is an unrestricted group so anyone can join. I mention that not because we have to be wary of riffraff but rather that groups tend to fill up with random players looking for a nest.

Again, I emphasize AGAIN, you don't need to know squat about basketball to play. It's actually quite mesmerizing to print out your picks and then to highlight the correct/incorrect choices.

Sorry about the lack of ponies. Oddly, I do have a bunch of capybara that the SPCA found in an abandoned trailer down by the river.
 
 
 
Sorry about the lack of ponies.
 

sheeessshhh...
all this talk and I dont get a damn pony?
My life as I know it has ended.  
 
 
I played donkey basketball once. Donkeys are sort of like ponies - can we have donkeys?
 
 
RJB has capybaras and knows where Gus lives?

Hhmmmm...

And no ponies. Tsk.

This is fun tho, isnt it? Its kinda like in kindergarten. You yell out, come look here! and the whole rumbling mishmash of kids comes running over, stumbling and rushing and once there shoving each other out of the way to take a peek and whispering about what might be there and calling out oohhjohnboywhereAREyou?! and joking and jostling and getting distracted and calling out once more...

Yup, thats it. Solved the equation. A2K is in actuality a kindergarten, and we just think we're not the kids. And RJB is Gus's accomplice in their good-cop-bad-cop tack in setting it up. Speculating on what their intention is with it all can only send shivers down your spine...
 
 
Move over, nimh. You're standing where I wanted to stand.

Stop shoving, Paula.
Hey, I mean it!

So, the ponies... I heard there were gonna be ponies...

ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
this is more like it

giddyup!

 

(I'm guessing most of you didn't know I'd known Gus this long. I used to go to his farm a lot.)
 
 
i do watch basketball once in a great while and was watching the end of one contest between stanford and wn. it was a very close game, and wn didn't make their last shot in the last second of the game, so stanford won. but wn won the series, so they go to the next round. it was kinda fun to watch.
 
 
As a ucla student during the John Wooden era, I've watched the best and have been resting since..
 
 
Realjohnboy was one of the A2Kers who got sucked into the on-line scrabble game thread. I still play (under the appropriate name of "poorpuppy" - as in anyone can beat me at will). I am really bad at the game but I have met some interesting people from around the US and the world.
Including a lady from Chicago (I think) who plays the game a lot. We've played several times and I suggested that she might enjoy A2K.
Go there, I said, and look up realjohnboy, letty, nimh, ehbeth etc. Intelligent people. I hope she doesn't find this thread.
Realjohnboy is a real person. Gothboy is obviously fictional. Gus? Well,
I know who he "is" and where he "lives." I won't go any further than that.
 
 
You'd better go no farther, Johnny. I'd hate to see you get hurt.
 
 
johnboy hires an "attorney," Gus. A very large guy. Are you still wearing the ankle monitoring device? Martha Stewart has done a very nice job of decorating hers. How about yours?
 
 
Gus bends down to check his ankle device and realizes too late the error of his ways. He senses Johnny rushing up behind him. And then...... darkness.
 
 
no, Gus, Johnboy is at home, playing on-line scrabble with a lady from Chicago. I can't explain the darkness but can you say "baaaa?'"
You might want to make sure that the fence around your flock is secure. Or perhaps not.
 
 
 
Go there, I said, and look up realjohnboy, letty, nimh, ehbeth etc. Intelligent people. I hope she doesn't find this thread.
 

Oh no, better not to have referred here to me! I'm proud to say that you'll have to go back at least 50 posts in my history to find more than 1 deep thought...
 
 
