 
 
Sharon wants to boycot BBC.
 
 
By Sharon Sadeh in Ha'aretz

LONDON - Israel has decided not to invite a
representative of the BBC to Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon's briefing for senior British
correspondents during his visit to the British
capital next week.

The briefing is due to take place after Sharon's meeting
with Prime Minister Tony Blair, and all the senior editors and
reporters of the British media have been invited.

The BBC has asked for an interview with Sharon during
the visit, but this request is expected to be turned down.

The Israeli government decided two weeks ago to
make it more difficult for the BBC to cover
events relating to this country by, among other
methods, banning official spokesmen from
appearing on the British network. The director
of the Government Press Office, Danny Seaman,
said that Israel decided not to cooperate with
the BBC in protest against "its anti-Israel
coverage, which is characterized by violation
of journalistic ethics and the broadcasting of
baseless claims."

Israel was furious over the repeated airing of a
BBC World film that discussed Israel's nuclear
policy and compared it to that of fallen Iraqi
ruler Saddam Hussein. The film also charged
that Israel has used unconventional weapons
against the Palestinians.

The BBC said in response: "We regret any actions
the Israeli government might take that hinder
our journalistic coverage."

Meanwhile, Haaretz has learned that Blair plans
to depart from diplomatic protocol and invite
Sharon to a personal dinner on Monday evening,
in an effort to improve bilateral ties. Only
two others will participate in the dinner - Dov
Weisglass, Sharon's bureau chief, and Sir David
Manning, Blair's senior advisor and Britain's
ambassador-designate to Washington.

The Blair government has over the past few
months been making efforts to reestablish good
relations with Israel.
 
 
Oh Yeah, that'll do 'em a lot of good. Pouting children...
 
 
I've already started to boycott BBC personally. This because of their glorification and justification of the ruling murderous regime in Tehran.
 
 
winston churchill suggested boycotting the BBC as well during WWII complaining that they were telling the truth when they should have been telling the government line.
 
 
I saw the documentary on BBC about the use of illegal weapons by the IDF. Some sort of nerve gass made people tremble like hell.

The cameras just registrated what was going on. There was no story-making. People got the picture just by looking at those people infected by some sort of nerve gas, doctors not knowing how to respond, panic, shouting...

The fact that Sharon makes such a fuzz about it proves there is something wrong with the practices of the IDF in the occupied territories. What's next? (provocatif) Zyklon B?
 
 
The BBC seem to be upsetting a lot of people these days, cos they tell it how they see it and wont put out anyones propagander.
If they see things happening why shouldn't they broadcast it.
It's called freedom of speech. The BBC is an independant organisation. It's not paid for by advertising nor is it paid for by any government. The public pays for it and get a good service of news and entertainment. It doesn't bow to the British government and it wont bow to any other government either. It opperates under certain rules, the charter. It does not run an editorial news output.

Mamahani
What is wrong with their report on Tehran. I've just been reading it and they report that there have been protests and cops and security people intervened. Now either this protest happened or it didn't. I don't think the BBC would fabricate it, so it must of happened. Are you saying the protest shouldn't of been reported or that it should be massaged to suit certain parameters
 
 
 
Some sort of nerve gass made people tremble like hell.
 
Nerve gas is a lethal weapon. It was used by Saddam against Kurds, and most of the exposed to it did not just tremble, they died. I do not know anything about the new gas, but if it causes only temporary disruption of muscular functions, then this is a non-lethal weapon intended to put end to mass disorders, just like well-known tear gas. And it has nothing in common with Zyclon, Sarin, Soman, VX, Yperite and other WMDs.
Usage of non-lethal weapons is humane since it can substitute usage of the lethal ones.
Some people get strongly disappointed when the Jews defend themselves against murderers, instead of acting like sheep in the butchery.
About BBC. Three days prior to being drafted to the "Defensive Shield" operation in late March 2002, on the peak of terror attacks on the Israeli civilians, I watched on this channel a "documentary" openly glorifying the terrorists. This was the last time in my life that I chose this channel of the cable TV (I was unable to unsubscribe, since BBC was a part of the so called minimum package). I strongly respect the United Kingdom and its people, but it seems to me that BBC is occupied by the leftist replicas of "lord" Haw Haw.
 
 
The Russians used a non-lethal gas in Moskow to end the hostagetaking of Nord/Ost.

A maybe more correct name for this gas is nerve-irritant gas. It must have some effect on the nerve-system, how else would you explain the unstopable trembling and many people going into shock. Which is, as you should know, a life threatening condition.
 
 
 
It must have some effect on the nerve-system, how else would you explain the unstopable trembling and many people going into shock.
 

Now the definition of shock taken from the  encyclopedic source 

 
any condition in which the circulatory system is unable to provide adequate circulation to the body tissues, also called circulatory failure or circulatory collapse. Shock results in the slowing of vital functions and in severe cases, if untreated, in death. It may be caused by inadequate pumping by the heart, by reduction of the blood volume due to dehydration or to loss of blood or plasma, or by reduced blood pressure resulting from dilation of the blood vessels.
 

Nerve-irritant gas cannot produce any of the causes of the shock, it has nothing to do with blood circulation problems. It temporarily disables the rioters, just like the tear gas does (having different mechanism of action). Some of them lose consciousness, but this condition has nothing to do with shock and death threat.
Russian gas was not a gas, but an aerosol spray of phentanyl, the narcotic drug used in conventional medicine as an analgetic means (for example, in obstetrics). Any narcotic analgetic may cause suppression of respiratory center of brain (this is the main cause of heroin overdose deaths). Due to secrecy, rescue medical teams were not instructed on antidote usage, this caused death of hostages.
About the nerve-irritant gas (any, including the tear gas that belongs to the same group of non-lethal weapons): even the Arab propaganda failed to present even one dead body of a victim of this gas.
 
 
 
Three days prior to being drafted to the "Defensive Shield" operation in late March 2002, on the peak of terror attacks on the Israeli civilians, I watched on this channel a "documentary" openly glorifying the terrorists.
 

Once again you discriminate evrything, which could oppose your belief of Palestians being 'Untermenschen'.

I saw this documenatry as well.

It was a documentary. (= "Presenting facts objectively without editorializing or inserting fictional matter, as in a book or film. " from bartley, your favourite source for quotations.)
 
 
 
It doesn't bow to the British government and it wont bow to any other government either
 
Surely, it does not. It has another authority to worship. It bows to the terrorist organizations.
To Mr. Hinteler: Palestinians are not
 
 
"a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest"
 
 
The BBC is one of the greatest gifts to the world from the British besides the English language. The next greatest is tea drinking and a certain self deprecating sense of humer.
 
 
 
"a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest"
 
This can be applicable to any participant of the current political discussion.
 
 
 
 
"a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest"
 
This can be applicable to any participant of the current political discussion.
 

You think, it was only directed to some or one single?
 
 
 
The BBC is one of the greatest gifts to the world from the British besides the English language.
 
I would permit myself to disagree with you. Sir Isaac Newton's contribution to physics and mathematics, works of Michael Faraday, James C. Maxwell and Alexander Fleming, geographical explorations of captain Cook and Livingstone, and plays and poems by Shakespeare were much more sufficient British gifts to mankind than this biased broadcasting corporation.
 
 
That how I see (when being generous) the BBC

Like a Bridge over Troubled Water

Steissd. Are you serious? Can't you tell the difference between nazi or Stalinist propaganda and the BBC?
 
 
How do you define "biased" ?
 
 
Edited this date and time.
 
 
Setanta, I am sorry, I confused your posting with this of Oldandknew. It was a technical mistake, and I apologize for it.
 
 
Well since 100,000 North American Jews want to immigrate to Israel in the next five years*, at least there FOX-news will be the one and only favourite foreign media (besides White House bulletins, of course).

*  link to related HAARETZ article 
 
 
 
Can't you tell the difference between nazi or Stalinist propaganda and the BBC?
 
The comparison to Stalinist/Nazi documentaries refers only to the particular movie I mentioned above. But while comparing broadcasts of BBC (when I watched them) with these of CNN and Fox News, I was able to see a strong pro-Arab bias in them.
 
 
The BBC is unique because of the way its funded. I costs me £120 per year and you get the benefit. I'm not so naive as to believe everything they say. In some respects the BBC is the finest propaganda medium in the world because it engenders trust and it does this by telling the TRUTH (as the BBC sees it) 99% of the time.

The other 1% may be critical at times but that does not detract from the BBC's primary mission to inform enlighten and entertain.
 
 
The BBC, like the Times of London (notably conservative) and the New York Times (notably liberal) has a reputation to maintain, and value that reputation for its own sake. They are worthy of praise for their efforts to maintain that reputation.
 
 
 
The other 1% may be critical at times but that does not detract from the BBC's primary mission to inform enlighten and entertain.
 

Let us attribute the mentioned quasi-documentary to this 1 percent of bull***t, OK. I would like to ask, whether there are any documentaries on the BBC glorifying IRA for its terrorism, or this is just Israel that gets such a preferential treatment?

 
The BBC is unique because of the way its funded
 
I want to disappoint you, sir. The first channel of the Israeli TV is funded in the same way, and it cost me about $120 (in Israeli currency) a year, in spite of the fact that I never watch it. The commercial 2nd channel is much better.
Well, in 1918-48 Israel was a part of the British Empire, and some of the regulations installed by the British authorities have never been abolished.
 
 
You're right Setanta. The BBC does has a reputation to maintain.

The right wing press here often refers to the Blair Broadcasting Corporation, but not so much recently since the BBC has been in the vanguard to expose the Iraqi WMD (non existance of) sham.
 
 
Good question Steissd, I'll have to do a little research and get back to you. Off the top of my head I would say the BBC has got into hot water for not towing the govt line regarding the IRA on several occasions. The particular instance that springs to mind is the documentary "Death on the Rock", about the murder of 3 "IRA terrorists" = 3 young un armed Irish people gunned down by British SAS murder squad in Gibralter in revenge for the Brighton bomb which nearly killed Thatcher. But that might have been an ITV production.

Regarding the Arab Israeli conflict, the BBC has no interest in being anything other than a dispassionate observer or a platform for a named journalist/reporter whose credentials are made known.
 
 
 
the New York Times (notably liberal)
 

I agree, the NYTimes is a predominantly liberal newspaper, but I have never seen there any article glorifying terror or trying to find any justifications to it. Maybe, its concern with reputation is the main reason.
 
 
To Steve4100: I have watched broadcasts of the different American news networks on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, not all of them were complimentary toward Israel, but none of them tried to find any excuses to terror. I cannot say that BBC always does such a thing, but this particular "documentary" was an open eulogy to terrorists. If I was not an Israeli and did not know what really happened, I would make a charitable donation to Hamas after having watched it.
To Mr. Hinteler: Fox News belongs to Mr. Murdoch, and he is neither an American, nor a Jew. He is an Aussie, and his surname prompts me that he is of Celtic origin (Scottish or Irish).
 
 
Having spent several years working for BBC TV making progs about many political subjects, Ireland, India, USA, Israel/Palestine, I can assure you all that all material is closely monitored. Anything that is in any way contentious is considered by lawyers. Producers go out of their way way to make sure there is no bias in content. Both points of view are given.
If Israelis are shot or hit by suicide bombers the facts are given. Comment is provided by Israeli Gov. spokesman. Palestinian opinion is given as well. When Israel attacks Palestinian targets the same BBC rules apply, both sides are invited to comment.
Is anyone suggesting that this is wrong, should the BBC be an Israeli mouthpiece and suggesting total subjugation of Palestinians ? Coz it won't happen. The BBC does not have an editorial side where it takes sides. Why should it ?

Having spent a number of weeks in Israel, I do have some knowledge of country and life there.
 
 
 
Is anyone suggesting that this is wrong, should the BBC be an Israeli mouthpiece and suggesting total subjugation of Palestinians ?
 
I am not talking about the regular news issues. The "documentary" I was talking about did not contain the open lies. It just presented half of the truth: Israeli tanks in some Palestinian place (skipping over pictures of the terror attack victims), long monologues of the murderous underground leader without any interview with IDF officers. It was a concentrated Palestinian point of view presented as a "descriptive", "unbiased" and "unaligned" commentary. I know that BBC does not deal with paid commercials, but this film deserves to be paid for by Hamas.
Mr. Sharon's decision to boycott BBC is taken too late. I have stopped watching it since spring of 2002. If I want to learn about the Arab point of view, I can get it on the Albawaba Web site, it is also in English, I do not need BBC for this purpose. Albawaba, at least, does not conceal its Arab identity.
 
 
steissd =========== I cannot comment on the prog you mention. for the simple reason that except for the news I don't watch TV these days.

When I see the carnage, death on both sides, it sickens me just the same as similar scenes in Ireland did or in any other other war torn location. Who is wrong or who is wrong is of little consolation to the dead, the wives, husbands, mothers, fathers, orphans.

Northern Ireland's problems are hopefully now a thing of the past.
Surely Israel/Palestine can find the key. Someone must have it
 
 
 
Mamahani
What is wrong with their report on Tehran. I've just been reading it and they report that there have been protests and cops and security people intervened. Now either this protest happened or it didn't. I don't think the BBC would fabricate it, so it must of happened. Are you saying the protest shouldn't of been reported or that it should be massaged to suit certain parameters
 

oldandknew, this link provides you with some of the information as to why Iranians dislike the BBC.

 Anti-British Feelings Reach Fever Pitch Amongst Iranians 

By Potkin Azarmehr

Jack Straw's untimely statement, which coincided with the start of the street protests against the Ayatollahs in Iran, has been interpreted as British support for the clerical dictatorship amongst the Iranians. The Iranian people's anger reached fever pitch last night, as callers to the LA based TV station repeatedly let off some of their frustration at the British and European governments and Jack Straw in particular.

Iranians' natural tendency for conspiracy theories and the historical relationship between the British and the Shiite clergy has been identified by most Iranians as the reason for the long overdue stay of the Ayatollahs, who have ruled Iran for the past 24 years. Add to all of this the fanatical support of Ema Nicholson for the Mullahs in Iran and one can start to see why the Iranian people are so suspicious of the British establishment.

The protests in Iran have now continued for the third night running. Last night the fiercest clashes were reported in the Kurdistan Highway, when the women protesters who had taken off their scarves were badly beaten by the vigilantes. However the people's anger at seeing beaten faces of Iranian women then turned against the Baseej thugs who were chased and beaten by the ordinary people. Some of the Baseej motorcycles were set on fire in the highway and the people celebrated around them in the traditional ways of Iran's pre-Islamic fire festival. Between 500-600 arrests were reported last night in various locations at Felestin, Amirabad, Laleh, Geesha and other districts.

The BBC last night briefly mentioned the protests in its 10:00 O'clock news only saying that Iran's supreme leader has threatened to crack down on protesters and that the protests have been instigated by the Americans. Very short film footage of the protests was also shown.

Four years ago in the aftermath of the Iranian student uprising, Tam Dalyel MP, the father of the Commons during a parliamentary debate blamed the riots on the sweltering July heat of Iran, where tempers can be tinder dry. His comments caused great offence amongst Iranians.

Below is how some Iranians remember the BBC world service in Persian reported a street clash in Mashad, twenty-five years ago, during the revolution, which brought on the Ayatollahs:

"An injured woman was carried off on a stretcher, and as she was being carried off her blood was dripping from the stretcher with her young daughter holding her hand crying and shouting mother! mother!"

Twenty-five years ago, the BBC world service also read out Ayatollah Khomeini's statement in which he told all the military personnel in the barracks that it was their religious duty before God and the Prophet to leave their barracks.

 Anti-British Feelings Reach Fever Pitch Amongst Iranians 
 
 
God bless the BBC.

Sharon's behavior is a contemptible effort to 'punish' those who will not report the news the way he wants it.

I hope his behavior doesn't have a chilling effect on other news outlets that will then decide that they need to further 'pull their punches' with reports on Israel.

As it is, the American press, on those occasions when it actually DOES publish stories about Israel that happen to be unflattering or negative, seems to feel compelled to dilute them and couch them in the most soothing euphemisms they can find.

Bravo BBC! Don't submit to bullying whether by Sharon or Blair or anyone else!
 
 
 
Bravo BBC! Don't submit to bullying whether by Sharon or Blair or anyone else!
 

That's exactly my point, jjorge!

looking at our own history in Germany, all this reminds me that 65 years ago the then government made a law, punishing all with death penalty, who listened to the BBC. ("Correct Germans" of course had stopped listening to these "open lies" years before!)
 
 
Well, 65 years ago BBC was loyal to government. By the way, it is not prohibited to listen to BBC in Israel. It is possible doing it anywhere, including public places without risk having problems with law. But the government stops cooperating with this biased news service.
 
 
To Mamahani: it is not a surprise that BBC is supportive toward the clerical regime in Tehran. If it is replaced by the democratic one, all the financial support to the "freedom fighters" (a politically correct term for terrorists) from Hizballah will disappear.
 
 
Mamahani ======

point #1 Any statement made by a minister in the British Government can be taken and interpreted as being anti or pro any given situation.
The BBC is not responsible for that statement. It reports what has been said as a news item.

point #2 The historical relationship between the British Gov. and the Shite clergy is a political matter. The BBC merely reports that relationship as a news story, a series of facts. It does not promote what happens

point #3 The Emma Nicholson/Mullahs relationship may offend certain Iranians. It is not a relationship instigated by the BBC. Nor were the street fights orchestrated by the BBC.

Whatever is going on in Iran is the result of political and religious arguements, both on a local and international front. Not because a News Organisation happens to report it.

point#4 You refer to events of 25 years ago, the revolution, How a woman was carried away on a stretcher. A victim of a street fight. An event worthy of news coverage to hi-light the situation.

point#5 Twenty-five years ago, the BBC world service also read out Ayatollah Khomeini's statement in which he told all the military personnel in the barracks that it was their religious duty before God and the Prophet to leave their barracks. --- Another news item. If the Ayatollah Khomeini's speech was in fact made, it is a news item and thus it was broadcast.

point #6 The exchange between John Simpson and Potkin Azarmehr concerns the reporting of Why the US military is not about to go charging into Iran
I feel quite confident in saying that the BBC, as a corporation, does care whether America invades Iran or not.

point#7 The BBC recently angered the White House over it's reporting of the rescue of the female GI from Iraq. Demands that the BBC retract their report was rejected.

point#8 You seem to think that just because certain broadcasting companies in some countries are run by Goverments and Political Masters the same applies in the UK. There have been a number of instances when British politicians have walked out of programs and interviews because they didn't like the line of questioning they were being subjected to.

In Iran as in any other country, the BBC was broadcasting facts, what was happening, who said this or that. I repeat, it is neither an instigator of British policy nor is it a promoter of life in Iran. Nor does it spout out on demand the massaged spin driven policy of the UK gov.
You may in fact be aware that just this week the British Gov. has been in conflict with the BBC because the broadcaster won't accept the British Gov's statements and reasons for the recent events in Iraq.
Believe what you like, but I have listened to, watched and read BBC news items for a long time and if you don't like what they say, you have 2 options. Ignore them or don't let the BBC into your country.
Cos if the BBC wont bow down to Blair or Bush, it certainly wont bow down to anyone else.

What I have written above is my opinion of what I know and what I've seem, heard and read. Anyone is free to accept it or reject it.
 
 
 
To Mamahani: it is not a surprise that BBC is supportive toward the clerical regime in Tehran. If it is replaced by the democratic one, all the financial support to the "freedom fighters" (a politically correct term for terrorists) from Hizballah will disappear.
 

Isn't your reaction a bit over the top. You can disagree with the broadcast policy of the BBC (like many can't find themselfs in the broadcast policy of FOX or Al-Jazeera). But to say the BBC sympathises with terrorists and even promote terrorism?   Get real!
 
 
Thanks, olk      
 
 
steissd

By the way, it was not prohibited to listen to BBC in Germany until WWII. It was possible doing it anywhere, including public places without risk having problems with law. (It just wasn't liked in the late 30's.)
But than government stops cooperating with what it declared to be a biased news service and changed the law.
(And thus Thomas Mann reported from outside -the UK- about Germany.)
 
 
 
By the way, it was not prohibited to listen to BBC in Germany until WWII.
 
Well, there are no chances that there ever will be a war between the UK and Israel, so it will be always legal to watch or listen the unscrupulous BBC broadcasts here. More, there is no serious diplomatic crisis in UK-Israeli relationships, since (as it was mentioned by many participants of the current discussion) BBC broadcasts do not literally reflect political stance of the UK government.
The clandestine Commies entrenched in some of the European media will be satisfied with Mr. Sharon only if he orders to IDF to evacuate all the Israeli Jews (including themselves and himself) to another galaxy.
 
 
 
The clandestine Commies entrenched in some of the European media will be satisfied with Mr. Sharon only if he orders to IDF to evacuate all the Israeli Jews (including themselves and himself) to another galaxy.
 

Al least you haven't lost your sense of humor. Clandestine Commies? And i thought we were 2003, seems more like 1953.
 
 
 
The clandestine Commies entrenched in some of the European media will be satisfied with Mr. Sharon only if he orders to IDF to evacuate all the Israeli Jews (including themselves and himself) to another galaxy.
 

Could you please explain "clandestine Commies entrenched in some of the European media"?
 
 
Being Jew from Russian descent you may have more in common with Communism that those "clandestine Commies" you despise. ;-)
 
 
Cooooool... clandestine commies...

Kinda like nattering nabobs of negativity, ain't it?
 
 
Obviously, the BBC and others are "the lone voices reporting on issues that directly involve the working class and its organisations".

Oops, this is copyrighted by the "Morning Star" ( aka "The Daily Worker") already (they might try to overtake the BBC, howver!):
 link: Morning Star 
 
 
I'll say it again, Thank God for the BBC!...
(and I will add PBS and NPR)

The American commercial broadcast and cable media range from the shamelessly right wing (Fox) through the bland corporate pablum pushers (ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN).

The latter have shrunk the hard news portion of their 'News' in AM and evening 'news' shows, to about 7-10 minutes with the rest being tabloid stuff, kidnappings, sensational murders and such.
It is really quite shocking if you read the TImes or Washington Post to see how many very very important stories that the cable/broadcast media ignore every day.

Fortunately my local national public radio station carries BBC World News. I can hear it in the AM the PM and at night...and wonder of wonders it's all news folks!!!!!

Thanks to the Deity as well for television news coverage on PBS.
IMO it's the only TV news worthy of the name.
 
 
 
And i thought we were 2003, seems more like 1953.

 
The things that were dangerous in 1953 did not become safe in 2003. My ethnic origin (half-German, half-Jewish) has nothing to do with my political stance. Just like not all the Belgians were soldiers and officers in Degrelle's SS outfit.
 
 
 
"the lone voices reporting on issues that directly involve the working class and its organisations".
 

Defending the working class is not considered being so cool nowadays. The modern leftists prefer to defend interests of idlers and terrorists from the Third World.
 
 
 
The things that were dangerous in 1953 did not become safe in 2003.
 

Ask some workers in Berlin and the new German states about this.

We are not attacked by Russian tanks any more!
 
 
 
 
And i thought we were 2003, seems more like 1953.

 
The things that were dangerous in 1953 did not become safe in 2003. My ethnic origin (half-German, half-Jewish) has nothing to do with my political stance. Just like not all the Belgians were soldiers and officers in Degrelle's SS outfit.
 

In fact only the frenchspeaking Belgians joined the "Légion Wallonie" of Degrelle. The Flemish (about 6500) joined, encouraged by the Catholic Church, their own SS legion(Sturmbrigade Langemarck).
 
 
:wink:
 
 
I agree with Walter. Europe is a much safer place nowadays. The cold war ending has taken that fear away of a sudden temper tantrum from the Russians and another war. The problems of Ireland are pretty well resolved. The reason ? Cos having persuaded the gunslingers to put their guns away, Ulster began to attract investment. This grew and wealth was seen in the region, people became more prosperous. There is no desire to go back to the days of death.
Europe for all it's internal wrangling is not going to turn into a war zone.
The Middle East has been a war zone for over 50 years. The reason being that Israel wants more and more land. Thus pushing the Palestinians further back and subjugating then in poverty. Perhaps instead, Israel should offer Palestine some prosperity, afterall doesn't Israel get something like 20 billion dollars in aid every year. How about combine harvesters and irrigation pipes instead of gunships and machine guns
 
 
Well, I really would like an explanation by steissd about what he meant with "our" communist media.
And now additionally, why he thinks, affairs today are as evil as 1953.
 
 
Steissd fer president: A chicken in every pot, and a commie under every bed...
 
 
Hey Setanta, you're real cool tonight. Does the commie get the chicken ?
 
 
Not if yer quick...
 
 
 http://www.vgg.com/kfc/index.html 
 
 
Damn... The Plot Revealed ! ! !
 
 
I'm hungry

Can you get Kentucky Fried Communist in Alabama?
 
 
Wouldja lahke a sahde order uv Eye-raqi fanatic with yer Crispy Commie, Sir?
 
 
Well that's very kind, but no thanks, not while I am digesting the sage words of our very Own Dear Leader...
 
 
Didja listen at him... he gots lots of applause...
 
 
Yes, as The Independent said today: "Make no mistake: Americans love Tony Blair."
 
 
 
Yes, as The Independent said today: "Make no mistake: Americans love Tony Blair."
 

The Independent may just be mistaken... gettin' applause on Capitol Hill is about as hard as... well, i'll keep it clean... the Independent may just be mistaken...
 
 
well what do you think?

 http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=9587&highlight= 
 
 
No more and no less than what I might of expected.
It was one of those "aren't we all wonderful" speeches. I don't know if America's Joe Public are Blair fans or not but Congress listened, applauded loudly, Blair smiled at the end and everyone seemed to have a jolly fine time.
A mutual ego trip across the Big Sea.
 
 
So please vote in the poll O&Knew

So far he is 100% self delusional
 
 
 
So far he is 100% self delusional
 

Uhmmm... ain't that a prerequisite fer a career in politics?
 
 
That and/or being mad

 http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=9587&postdays=0&postorder=asc&start=20 
 
 
