 
 
What is your favourite Egyptian made helmet?
 
 
Egyptian protesters come up with innovative ways to protect themselves from stone throwers

   
   
   
   
 
 
The guy with the pot on his head is clearly a pro, but the one with what looks like a burger taped to his forehead wins it for me  
 
 
I'm liking the bottom right. That plastic bin is serious business.
 
 
Definitely the guy with buns taped to his head.
 
 
 
Egyptian protesters come up with innovative ways to protect themselves from stone throwers

 

Those three water bottles could come in handy but I think the usefulness of the two in one 'full face bin helmet' wins this time.

I won't put my money on the guy with the slab on his head though.
 
 
the jury is out regarding the dude with the pot, the plastic bin and the burger man.....
 
 
I think if a helmet can function as a snack as well then you're on to a winner.
 
 
Those look painful, they might need to to visit a cairo practitioner.

*sigh
 
 
Picture 2 with the Hot dogs. Nice.
 
 
The guy with the cardboard box over his head.
If only sellers on Ebay took a leaf out his book on how to protect things as well as him.
 
 
I heard that the helmet in the first image was initially conceived as a missile launcher.
 
 
I reckon No.2 is b ready for a fight? Get it? Get it?

I'll just leave.
 
 
the guy with the saucepan on his head is a genius, the rest need to be taken back to the loony-bin methinks
 
 
It sounds counter-productive to strap a brick to your head to protect you from oncoming bricks. lol.
 
 
 
It sounds counter-productive to strap a brick to your head to protect you from oncoming bricks. lol.

 

Not really. Same principle as reactive armour (  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reactive_armour  ) on tanks - cover yourself in explosives to protect against explosive, why not the same with bricks?
 
 
 
Not really. Same principle as reactive armour (  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reactive_armour  ) on tanks - cover yourself in explosives to protect against explosive, why not the same with bricks?

 

I was being ironic. It sounds counter-productive.
 
 
 
I was being ironic. It sounds counter-productive.

 

And I was making a joke.
 
 
Its got to be the guy with the pot on his head, he looks like hes up for some serious rioting. I wouldn't mess with him.
 
 
Would I get banned if I posted a picture of an egyptian's penis?
 
 
 
Would I get banned if I posted a picture of an egyptian's penis?

 

LOL   That's what I originally thought this thread was about.

Seriously though, surely you could come up with better protection than a quarter pounder and hotdogs taped to your head  . Wtf's that going to stop
 
 
 
That last guy isn't a protester, he's just someone who got his head stuck in a bin and lost his way.
 
 
I'm amazed at how many of you seem to think that a slightly overcooked bun is a burger, and also misidentifying a chunk of polystyrene packaging (you know, the bobbly stuff that kettles are packed with, etc...) for a lump of concrete. The big give away is that the larger particles in concrete are neither spherical, regular in size, nor quite so abundant. That and putting a lump of concrete on your head sure is going to give you a sore neck...

And on a more serious note, this really does remind me of the early 90's. I just hope that things go the way of Poland rather than Belarus or Russia for that matter...
 
 
"my helmet is a bakery, your government is irrelevent'

 

Just being silly.   In the absence of any real riot gear, I admit that at least they are trying.  
 
 
One man.
One bagguette.
One chapatti.
One clingfilm.

Endless heroes.
 
 
RiotLADS
 
 
