 
 
A Boston Gathering!
 
 
Okay, here are the details:

Who: Everybody that can make it.
What: Party!
When: TBD, but soon.
Where: TBD, someplace T-accessible that will accommodate us all
Why: Because I miss the Gatherings and I'm coming to visit soon.

I don't have my specific travel dates -- I'll probably be in town this weekend or shortly thereafter. I graduated yesterday, so until I get a job or move out of New York, whichever comes first, I have no day-of-the-week restrictions. I know most of you do. Suggestions and planning talents are welcome!

See everybody SOON!
 
 
Congratulations marycat!!!!      

I'm around,..as sporadically as usual,..but can make tine whenever!!
 
 
Congratulations on graduating! Count me as a maybe, depends on some stuff I have to do.
 
 
It would be very nice to have this on a day we're not having snow.

How about July?
 
 
NH, We used to have these things more often. I bet one could be organized for July too. But I want one in January!

Meantime, when might you have time, jespah? You're one of the people I definitely want to see. And Jerry too! You can make tine? Forks? Whatever floats your boat, as they say...

:-D
 
 
I'll be there in spirit, marycat.   Congratulations on graduating with distinction!
 
 
Congrats Mcat!

I'll be there. I suggest skating on frog pond during daylight. But, that's just me.
 
 
Hm-m-m-m... thinking... (but not walking at the same time)
 
 
jjorge, we'd love to meet you!
 
 
jorge, I can't think and walk at the same time either. I have the bruises and stubbed toes to prove it!

Skating is fun! Wonder where my skates are... Probably as sharp as spoons at this point. Yay, k's coming too!
 
 
a semi retired gray bearded fisherman in roller skates on frog pond with a ten pound bag of frozen lobster meat slung over his shoulder for the party? now that would make a great picture, no?
i think i'll pass.
 
 
It doesn't have to be skating, silly. Brainstorm! Contribute ideas! Perhaps the Burren, for example?
 
 
Eek, I haven't skated in, um, over a decade, easily.

Everything but the weekend of the 18th & 19th is good.
 
 
I've featured this thread and cross-posted it to North America so that you can attract more people.
 
 
i'm staying away from the drink, but i'll never leave the burren, cograts Marycat, well done and hats off to you!!!!
i'll be away for a week, leaving today, i'll check back when i get home, no internet access where i'm off to. you guys plan it, if i'm back, i can 'entertain' you.

a decade Jespah? maybe 3 or 4 decades here for me, maybe we should try rollerblades on the ice, 'twould be quite a sght no? lol

what about Lola's? just a thought...
 
 
Have a good time Mikey - going to a warmer place?
 
 
Lola's? Is she living in Boston these days? Or is that a restaurant? I've been away too long....

Thanks, jes! Okay, now to try and figure out this "Tell a friend" doohickey...
 
 
marycat, I completely posted this on the wrong thread,..I'm sure they think I'm nuts,..but I Am!!  

from "Buckwheat Sings":

"Munce. Tice. Fee Tines A Mady."

     
 
 
I think the reference to Lola's was tongue-in-cheek. Far as I'm aware, Lola still lives, um, wherever she lives.

Click tell a friend and invite people, assuming you know their email address.
 
 
Lola's is in the village, in Manhattan, more a less a fantasy of sorts, but it's there, I swear it is, honest......been there many times ;-)

not warmer Lilk, just a respite of sorts, i need to get rid of some demons of sorts if you got me. but I did get an invite to go to Key West.....
been a long hard week.
 
 
A Boston Gathering!
I'll be there! As a devout punster I may not be welcome. But, how can you be a member and not deal with adversity. Looking forward to it with no trepidation.
 
 
Okay, I'm familiar with that Lola's, great spot, I'm just a little slow sometimes...

Jerry, I just played your Spam clip and startled Brian most terribly! Teehee!
 
 
     
 
 
Wot? A gathering in Boston? Unheard of! It'll nevah happen! Unless there is beer.. beer makes things happen. Where there is beer, there ye shall find me.  
 
 
Oh! Almost forgot. CONGRATS MARYCAT!
 
 
Yes, CONGRATS!!!
 
 
YES CONGRATS!
 
 
Thanks, everybody!

Yes, I have a feeling beer will be involved. And sodie-pop for those who prefer it. Will you join us?
 
 
I'd set the probability factor at somewhere around 95% there marycat. I might even buy ya frosty beverage of your choosing to celebrate your graduation!  
 
 
I'm in - not voting for skating though.

I have some restrictions on time (daytime start on weekends is actually better) but if there's beverages I'll give it all my effort.  

I'll look around for some ideas.
 
 
k, I think skating has officially been voted out...

Beer is in though!

Thanks, Sugar! You still hanging out with Irish? Where's he at these days? And will Mr. Sugar be joining us?

Okay, so the count so far is Jerry, Mary, Sugar, Mikey, Kris, Fishin, Jespah, Jorge, Bob, Sozobe (maybe? you didn't indicate...) New Haven (?) so it's approximately 9 - 11 so far. Where is Quinn? Quinn, we need you. Get yerself over here. And has anyone heard from TerryDoo? Where is she?
 
 
aye..Im in

congrats mc!!!!!  

Will be grand to see ya gal..youve been missed!

So...skating is out..whew..good! Im feeling better about it already  

where though.....Im not picking..i always pick places that are closed, and that just wouldnt be good.

mc- when shall you be here, and is only T accessible a requirement for you? Do you have a preference? Tis your party after all.
 
 
No worries about the skating - it was just a thought.

Mcat - you forgot Bobsmithhawk (or some such, name's on another page)

Can we still shoot for a daytime start?
 
 
MaryCat:

Sincere Congratulations on your Graduation!

I love a good party, especially if I'm there!!

Southwest Airlines is running a special for a couple of hundred bucks, SF to Baltimore, RT.. How far away is that, and how hard is it to get where you are.

Anon
 
 
Baltimore to Boston, Anon? 8 hours.... it's one big megalopolis (for the most part) between here and there. But, there are quickie flights between here and there.
 
 
littlek:

Joanne had PM'd me also.

Thanks to both yourself and Joanne.

Cripes, I'de rather spend a few more bucks, and fly straight to Boston. Have we figured when the party is going to be? Takes some planning for me!

Anon
 
 
I think we're still waiting to hear further details from mc...is it saturday or sunday?
early afternoon?
Whats a good spot? <dicks has been suggested>
fa la la la
 
 
unfortunately, it doesn't look like we know. I thought you were supposed to chill out. You know, no cruise and all until you were more better. I think this weekend or next weekend are the choices. We have to get Mcat back to make the final say.
 
 
I thought about Dicks and then thought about our track record while there (shudder).
 
 
yeah..thats what I was thinking...shudders all around
 
 
This weekend is out, working from Friday Night to Monday Morning.

 
 
 
why!?!?!
 
 
Hello?

Busier than the proverbial one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest, but someone e-mail me with details... Mrs. SealPoet and I would love to, but don't wait for us.

sniff.

It's my birthday and their having a party without me...
 
 
Fer cryin' out loud! Okay, so I check email and I've got three invites to this place...So I'm here already! ;o)
Thanks Osso, jespah, and MassCass (is that her name here?)

Just tell me where we're going and when, but make it quick; the window of opportunity closes quickly around here. I'm off this weekend, then I go into like a ten day stretch. Then I quit my lob and live a life of leisure....LOL
 
 
Welcome, TerryDoo! Sorry for the duplicate invites....
 
 
Wow, I go out to dinner and so forth and the next morning there are lots more wonderful people and Terry has joined up and yay!!!

Okay, so some things came up here for specific days and my days magically firmed up. I think I'll be in town Tuesday 1/14 or Wednesday 1/15 until midday Saturday 1/18. So. I remember some people saying they were busy 1/18, but how about Friday night? Thursday night?

Conceivably, to accommodate schedules, we could have one early in the week in the evening, and then one on the weekend, perhaps the traditional brunch, and Jerry could do that cool thing he does with splicing the photographs.

A one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest?!?
 
 
any/all those days work for me
 
 
Hey TerryDoo!!

How 'bout me,..I sent you an invite too!!!

Anyway,..Glad you're here!!!

MC=Quinn

Fridays and Sat's are best for me,..so,..yeah.
 
 
yes..MC is me   hi terrydoo..glad to see ya

Okay mc, so this is during next week, and next weekend?
Alright, sure I could do the weekend thing at least.
 
 
By the way, HAPPY BIRTHDAY SP!
 
 
Happy Bday to SP! What's the date? My sister's is the 13th. It'd be good to see you and the mrs.

TERRYDOOOOO!!!! Pueo will be very happy to see you've arrived! I am too, good to see you!
 
 
now that we have both a birthday and a graduation to celebrate we must devise a way in which toactually make this happen for the good of all  
Okay..so we will...
Im just sayin....
Any ideas on where?
 
 
aloha, terryd,  

long time no see  
 
 
 
why!?!?!
 

Have I ever said I was smart? I'm a slave to what I do! What can I say, I'm weak!!!

Anon
 
 
 
 
why!?!?!
 

Have I ever said I was smart? I'm a slave to what I do! What can I say, I'm weak!!!

Anon
 

 
 
 
<throws open door>
  MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Yes, my pretties, I've arrived.

The big shindig has yet to be decided, huh? I'll keep checking in.

Jerry: I didn't get your invite, sorry. Which address did you send it to?
 
 
Woohoo! It's TerryDoo! How the heck have you been girl?  
 
 
littlek:

There is strength in insanity. It is my only hope  

Anon
 
 
Hmmm, strength in insanity? I like that.
 
 
happy b'day seal poet!
 
 
congrat's mc!
 
 
 
TERRYDOOOOO!!!! Pueo will be very happy to see you've arrived! I am too, good to see you!
 

oh yes, happy, happy, happy.      

another partner in silliness and mayhem  
 
 
Hey Terry!
 
 
Happy Birthday Seal, from a non-Bostonian!!!!!!!!!
 
 
Truth be told, I've missed the whole bunch of youse, but you know what Christmas is like in my line of work. Thank you all for the warm welcome.   The holidays are over...inventory is over...Let the good times roll!

GRRRROOOUPP HUUUUUUUGGGG!!!!!!!!

So is my favorite Abuzzer hiding under an assumed name around here?
 
 
Any free flights from Dublin to Boston?

Once again, the Irish are left out of the fun.  
 
 
oh puleeze, the irish know how to make their own fun! Sorry you'll miss it Bib.

Terry - and which favorite abuzzer would that be?
 
 
It won't be REAL fun without me though! :wink:
 
 
aaaaaahhhh I see.
 
 
I'll give you a few hints: He's cute and furry and loves to pass around boxes of Godiva chocolates and "stylish adult beverages." Although he lives in Seattle, he's a Bostonian at heart and he can often be found nabbing snacks off the coffee table in Ridinghood's Parlour.
 
 
ah..the stoat man

yeah..where is that friendly fuzzman?
 
 
the stoatman was recently distributing stylish beverages and godiva chocolates on Abuzz.
 
 
He's been invited but for some reason hasn't found his way here yet. Can someone please click tell a friend and send him an invite? Many thanks!
 
 
He's already been invited that way, jes.
 
 
Cool!
 
 
Eventually he'll drive on in, dispensing gifts, exchanging pleasantries and making us all feel fine, Im sure. <gosh, I hope!>
 
 
Funny, I thought he told me he'd already signed up. Ah, well, here's some Hershey's to tide you all over. <hurls Hershey's Kisses into the crowd>
 
 
OUCH!

thanks though

 
 
 
I knew that if you ate too many Hershey's Kisses you'd start to hurl!
 
 
*OUCH* (Stray chocolate on the noggin. Yum!)

Okay, so I'm a little OCD and I just made a spreadsheet using all the info I could gather thus far...

I'll be coming into town Tuesday or Wednesday, and leaving Saturday. Still figuring out sleeping logistics, but who needs sleep anyway?

How's about brunch Saturday 1/18 for those who can make it and also an evening gathering either Thursday or Friday? That way, I think everyone should be able to make it to one or both. I hope.

Tell me if you can't make any of those times.

Shall we attempt a brunch / all day lounging at Dick's on Saturday or have we been banned?
 
 
Thurs. or Fri. works for me. Thurs. is probably better (gotta pack on Fri.). Thanks.
 
 
Thursday evening it is!
 
 
We have a when, now we need a where. Dick's? I haven't been there in like a year.
 
 
Ummm.. Wasn't Dick's the one in the Pru? Or maybe my head isn't screwed on tight... lol
 
 
Dick's is kind of behind the Pru, yes. They have Saturday brunch, don't they?

Let's go there on Saturday morning-afternoon-ish, and maybe the Burren Thursday night... Or another neighborhood watering hole with enough room for a crowd... Anyone? Bueller?
 
 
I dont think we've been banned...certainly will find out if we've been missed!  
55 Huntington..the Pru yes <seems your heads on straight fishin but, we wont tell anyone>
Saturdays 1130-2am

I could do Saturday...maybe Thursday but, usually weekdays tough getting into town...although if my Thirsty Thursday peeps will be there instead of herre I guess Id have to go search them out.

so..Ill just let it figure itself all out  
 
 
Saturday brunch at Dick's, it's final. High Noon suit? Do we need a reservation?

Shall I assume we have about 13?
Mary, Jerry, Quinn, Kris, Bobsmythhawk, TerryDoo, Sugar, Mr. Sugar, Mikey, Jorge, SealPoet, Mrs. SealPoet make 12. Sozobe, New Haven, and Anon make 13 if they all show up. I think my good friend Hyoun (briefly Hokun on Abuzz) might come too. Any additional friends and significant others if brought make, well, a bigger number than if they are not brought.

Now, about Thursday. Mary, maybe Hyoun, Quinn, Jerry, Jespah, Terry if she isn't working, who else? Where shall we go? Anyone got time/space constraints?
 
 
Saturday brunch at Dick's, it's final. High Noon suit? Do we need a reservation?

Shall I assume we have about 13?
Mary, Jerry, Quinn, Kris, Bobsmythhawk, TerryDoo, Sugar, Mr. Sugar, Mikey, Jorge, SealPoet, Mrs. SealPoet make 12. Sozobe, New Haven, and Anon make 13 if they all show up. I think my good friend Hyoun (briefly Hokun on Abuzz) might come too. Any additional friends and significant others if brought make, well, a bigger number than if they are not brought.

Now, about Thursday. Mary, maybe Hyoun, Quinn, Jerry, Jespah, Terry if she isn't working, who else? Where shall we go? Anyone got time/space constraints?
 
 
I'm definitely up for brunch on saturday. If thursday is close to home, I'll make that too.
 
 
 
Sozobe, New Haven, and Anon make 13 if they all show up.
 

Er, I'd love to go to Boston, really, but the commute from Chicago is just a mite far for me...

(Sorry if I gave the wrong impression with my congrats... was just surfing, saw the good news, wanted to acknowledge.)
 
 
Oh, I forgot you lived so far away. Wishful thinking, I guess.

Thanks for the congratulations, at any rate! Wish you could attend, but I guess your family might miss you...
 
 
Alright then. Let's take a poll for north of the river vs. south of it for Thursday. You're a north, correct, k? Anyone got more specific suggestions? I'm afraid I'll suggest someplace that's not there anymore...
 
 
I'm for North'o'the river, yes.
 
 
Marycat,

Saturday, I'm working again. I'm looking into airfares on Wed. so I can get there and settle. Party on Thurs, and head back to SF on Friday so I can work Sat.

I'll keep in touch!!

Anon
 
 
Thursday could work for me and the Mrs., especailly north of the river. Saturday less so.
 
 
Thurs is fine, pretty much any time (but I turn into a pumpkin if it gets too late). :-D
 
 
I actually told some more people about the thursday-saturday gatherings. Bored, dable, eliezee (and MP)
 
 
Yay! Thanks, k! Last night, I thought of all four of them and wondered what's become of them.
I hope they all come!
 
 
ah yes..bored, dable, ellie and mp!!! that would be just lovely!  
 
 
haven't actually heard back from any of them....
 
 
well, as long as the invite is out there, the possibility looms  
 
 
Hello everyone! Congrats MC. Was this the culinary school in NY you graduated from?
 
 
Yay! Dable's here!

Yes indeedy, the French Culinary Institute, in NYC. (There are a few culinary schools around, actually. But this is the only one with Alain Silhaic and Jacques Pepin and Andre Soltner. I got a little star-struck when I started...)

Today I'm packing up and tomorrow I'm coming to Boston.

I have a couple people's numbers, and I think I will have internet access when I get there.

And we are meeting Thursday night, north of the river someplace, at some time. (6:30 suit? Or 7?)
Is Flat Top Johnny's still there? Any other suggestions? What is still left standing in Harvard Square?

And we are meeting Saturday noontime for brunch at Dick's Last Resort, under the Pru. I should warn them.
 
 
How about the B-side lounge?
I Haven't been there in ages.
 
 
nevah been there meself...would need directions
 
 
Helfino where that is, either. I dunno much 'bout Cambridge.
 
 
Its too dang close to that Somerville vortex anywho....just never know where you'll end up!
 
 
Ack! The Somerville vortex! Help!!!!
 
 
Go 'round..tis the only answer
 
 
If yer makin' reservations for Sat, you'd better count me out. The boss wouldn't like if I skipped out of work just for brunch. I'll try to make Thurs nite if youse guys figure out where the heck you're going to be.
 
 
Hi everyone, Littlek invited me over here. Look at where you've all been hiding. Is Abuzz even still around?

Let me know the deets for Thurs night. I have standing dinner plans for Wed but they keep swaying towards Thurs. But I will try to make it.

I would LOVE a all-day brunch at Dicks but I'll be in NYC. So I will definitely try to make it Thurs. I don't think I've seen y'all in a year or more?!!? Bad bored!

What's up with everyone? Congrats marycat! Why don't you cook for us all?
 
 
Okay did I post my reply? If I posted it 90 times, I sincerely apologize... here's what i said...

Hi everyone, Littlek invited me over here. Look at where you've all been hiding. Is Abuzz even still around?

Let me know the deets for Thurs night. I have standing dinner plans for Wed but they keep swaying towards Thurs. But I will try to make it.

I would LOVE a all-day brunch at Dicks but I'll be in NYC. So I will definitely try to make it Thurs. I don't think I've seen y'all in a year or more?!!? Bad bored!

What's up with everyone? Congrats marycat! Why don't you cook for us all?
 
 
Holy smokes! The Boston gang is crwaling out of the woodwork here. First TerryDoo graces us with her presence, then dable-dad and now bored! Hi all! <waves>

Now umm.. Thursday night.. Well, I'm North of the river.. Or west.,.. or south.. WAIT! Which river are we talkin' about here? Well, nevah mind. I'm right over here.
<------------------------------

You all figger it out and lemme know where to be and when. I'm to stupid to figure this kind of stuffs out.  
 
 
BORED!!!! How is ya gal...so nice to see you here!!! What you been doin????

Terrydoo.....eh..skrew im if he cant take a joke...and its only brunch..how long would that be anyway  

kewl all the Bostonians crawling about here everywhere...this is just fabulous!!!

fishin...well send up flares for ya..dont worry
 
 
the burren's new sister pub the 'skellig' is open, moody st in waltham, right next to the river. i checked it out yesterday. you'd swear it was the same pub only it's seats 450 or something like that. same decor, same menue, same music, still pretty quiet, plenty of parking, right on the t, but a ways from the city. i can't go but thought i'd throw that out there.

photos..... burren.com
 
 
I have enough trouble with Cambridge.....where the heck is Waltham??????????????

 
 
 
half past the somerville vortex, just this side, or, that side of the river.....
 
 
oh okay...gotcha

 
 
 
Hey! Waltham! What a GREAT idea! lol Moody St. silly... Easy to find.. It's.. well.. RIGHT there! lol
 
 
yeah..okay...does the T go there? <And Im not talking bout that purple train either, it doesnt count>
Is there a reason I should know where it is? <I doubt it>
Easy to find..oh sure...maybe for you mr east south north o the river lost in nevernever land  
big goober

Ill be the first to say...okay yeah, its a thought...not for this one though...k? Its good to keep in mind for those of you who live in well.....the middle of nowhere helifiknow butcrak o the universe..we could venture out sometime we want a real adventure.  

I still trying to figure out where Jerry was talking about...anybody know that place?
 
 
Moody Street... More good GOOD restraunts than you can shake a stick at...
 
 
  What she said!

Buttcrack o the Uninverse? Hurmph!
 
 
giggles

gotcha!
 
 
Look it's bored! Look it's bored! Wooohhheeeeeee! Hi!
 
 
Dable yay! Dable yay! Wow, the invites worked!
 
 
The place Jerry was talking about -- the B-Side? East Cambridge. Awesome bar. I haven't been there for way too long.

As for Waltham, it's, well, far...

Hi Bored!!!
 
 
B-side rocks, but it will be VERY crowded on thursday evening.
 
 
Cass, the only train that runs to Waltham would be the "purple one"

The Green Line D train runs to Riverside in Newton but that leaves you 2 miles from Moody Street. On the other hand the Express bus from downtown takes you right through Auburndale and up Lexington towards Moody Street. Not sure where it drops you but it can't be more than 1/2 mile from Moody St.

I used to live nearby, thats why I know these routes.
 
 
Hi folks! All righty, not going to Waltham, but if you all do go, have a great time!

B-Side is good (specially for moi!) but it's small and crowded.

For other suggestions there's:
Ned Devine's - Fanueil Hall (new, food court/middle building), beautiful upstairs room

The Burren - which has already been mentioned in Davis Square - red line

Lucky's - Congress & A Street, South Boston - nearest is South Station, but not really walking distance - plenty of on street parking

Silvertone - Bromfield Street (also small and crowded, but they have mac & cheese!), Park Street/red line

Rattlesnake - Boylston Street, tex-mex, green line
 
 
Cass, you can call the T and tell then the address you are leaving from and your destination and theyw ill tell you exaclty how to get there. If you tell the time you want to be there they can tell you what time to leave as well. 617-222-3200 (MBTA)
 
 
Wow, snoopster - I had no idea!

There are also a bunch of interesting bars in central square - on the red line.
 
 
waltham is far, but as SP said, there are tons of new places that have popped up in the last few years. every type of cuisine imaganable. i was just thinking of "crowded", parking, etc. and it sounds like you will have a good size crowd with you.
the bus from central sq or harvard drops you right on the corner of moody at the 'purple' line, right on the river.
as for being the 'buttcrack' of the universe, i don't think Gezzy would take to kindly to that one lol, it's a pretty up and coming area, being rehabbed little by little over the last few years. but it is a hike.
worth a looksee on a rany day. you might be surprised.
where exactly is the b side? i think i'll check that one out sometime. sounds good.
 
 
 http://www.bsidelounge.com/flash.html 
 
 
thanks sugar, i'm there next time i just "happen" to be in the area.
 
 
Have a GREAT TIME, those of you gathering in Boston! c.i.
 
 
Okay, um, we are going, uh, where on Thursday?

* Will I be able to park wherever the heck this is?
* Will I be stuck in some vortex while traveling there, never actually make it, go back in time and end up in 1979 with ugly bell bottoms and feathered hair?
* Will there be food?
* Will this be starting some time before I turn into a pumpkin at night?

Waltham is fine for me (hey, Brighton's not that far). Or Cambridge, long as directions are good. The T is generally not an option for me (unless you're going to the South Station area or somewhere that I can readily get to from there), but I know it is for other folks. I just need a parking space, and of course I don't have a sticker.

Dinnah would be nice, but not necessary.

Is that any help?
 
 
How about the Wonder Bar?
Or the Model Cafe,..
Both in Allston,..pretty easy to find.
 
 
Have a great time everyone, and don't forget to have a drink for me ;-)
 
 
I've lived in Allstoned, I've lived in Waltham.

Either has better meeting places than out here in the ru-burbs...
 
 
Hey kids. It's looking more and more like I won't be able to make it. Just in case, have a great time. If I show up, I'll show up.   )
 
 
where - o - where shall we meet?
 
 
Okay....
So...we still have not declared a meeting place?
The B side is too small?
Im all confuseled.

Place with T access, parking and room.
You would think that wouldnt be hard.

 
 
 
I'm casting a vote for the Copley Square area,..everyone knows that pretty well. It's easy to get to from the T,. and there is plenty of paid parking, as well as some on street.

Dick's has worked out pretty well for us in the past, the drinks are ok, and it's not expensive. But there are plenty of other places in the area. I love the Pour House.

I'm thinking that this area is pretty centrally located to all,..but will go along with whatever, as long as marcat is there!!  
 
 
It probably would be good to specify which night you're talking about when making suggestions. I am thinking Dick's is going to be for Saturday. Is that correct?

Be that as it may, my personal concern is re Thursday, as Saturday I'll be on LI.

Allston is great for me, might not be for other people. But there is the T and there's often parking. But again, don't let me decide. I don't live where everyone else does, so what's convenient for me isn't necessarily that way for anyone else.

PS I live not too far from the Greenbriar (she says, stirring up trouble).
 
 
this is always so difficult.....
 
 
***Reality Check***

It's been a week now folks and I keep monitoring this thread to find out where the Thursday gathering is going to be!

Someone needs to make a decision.

Perhaps after a suitable discussion and back and forth (we've certainly had that!) it could be the prerogative of the initiator, in this case Mary Cat, to decide on the locale.

If for some reason Mary Cat doesn't know a suitable place or can't decide, she could delegate the selection to someone else.*

In any case we need closure on this pretty quickly.

I'm really looking forward to meeting you all.
  jjorge

*not me, I live in Rogue's Island.
 
 
jj...I agree completely.
Is marycat going to be checking in here...well, she should if she wants to know where to partake of her festivities I suppose...
yes..mc should pick...and darn quick  
 
 
Jespah,

If you live near the Green Briar, you must live near my old haunt......The Last Drop. Did you ever make it to Rosy O'Gradys Blind Pig Saloon?
 
 
I am a few blocks from Oak Square and I understand The Last Drop is somewhere near here. Recognize I don't go to bars unless it's with all of you.

jjorge! You're coming! Whoo-hoo!
 
 
man, Mcat is traveling today - no? I'm not so sure I'll be able to meet with you thursday. Kinda depends on some details.

So, who to decide in mcat's absence if she is indeed absent....?
 
 
Hi!! I'm here. I don't have 100% internet access, kinda spotty, but I'm here at the moment.

I will make the executive decision. The Burren is in Davis Square, Somerville. There is parking in the area. It isn't superb parking, but there is some. I think everyone knows where it is, at least approximately... And Mikey supplied a website earlier, right? Is it something wicked simple like  www.burren.com  I think...?
Okay, Before Jespah turns into a pumpkin. Show up 6:30 or 7 or so or whenever you get out of work. Tomorrow, Thursday. Sound good?

And Saturday, high noon, at Dick's.

:-)

Hope everyone can make it and not become various forms of squash from the hour and so forth.......
 
 
The web address is correct (yay!) and it's on Elm Street. By the way.
 
 
well look what the cat dragged in...and this was just starting to get interesting.

i screwed up on the web addy.......it's just

burren.com

have a few for me and have fun.
 
 
Ok, that I should be able to swing!
 
 
Got it.

Oh....er... am I the only one whose never met any of you guys?

How will I know you?...or should I just wander around looking bewildered? (bewildered comes naturally to me)
 
 
jjorge - I sent you a PM
 
 
I'm in.
I don't get out of work til around 8-8:30,..but will keep in touch via cell.  
 
 
I might miss you this time, Jerry....
 
 
I hope not!
 
 
Got to get back to shoot the kitty. I'll prolly only be there for a bit more than an hour. Maybe 2. Depends on whether I drive or T.
 
 
Unfortunately I will not be able to make it so I'll send {{{{{BIG HUGS}}}}} in my place. May I also request that someone knock back a Guinness for me especially if you DO go to the Burren? (Damn, can't believe I'm missin' the Burren--I LOVE that place.) If I can escape work before 9:00, I'll try to stop in.

(Quinn, please leave your cell phone on.)
 
 
aaawwwwww, dangit terrydoo! (by the way, I invited kissie to A2K)
 
 
kissie's coming over to a2k? Yahoo! Even though he's a little too far away to attend this gathering...

TerryDoo, you should come. Even if late.

Jerry, you are required.

Mikey, come too! For goodness's sake, ths is your spot!
 
 
I have no one to take care of the dog or the woodstove, and the last bus that leaves boston and goes all the way here leaves at 5:30....

my spirit will be sitting on the corner stool as usual when you walk in tho.... :-)
 
 
Oh... Well, we'll raise a round in your honor!
 
 
I'll try my best, but if not, call me on the cell, put the bartender on and i'll buy you a round IF there aren't 100 of you there.....
 
 
 
jjorge - I sent you a PM
 

littlek

I got the pm...thanks!

I sent you a reply/acknowledgement but somehow it's not in my 'sent' box. Instead it's in my 'out' box   which I surmise means it didn't go! #!*&#!! someday I'll figger out this stuff.
 
 
Kissie? As in kissthecook? As in my partner in crime? <applying **** me red lipstick>

mc--It's not just a question of work; it's exhaustion. I don't mean to whine, but I've pulled two fifteen hour days in a row and today promises to be another one. AND I'm due in bright and early tomorrow. Judging by the way I feel right now, I'm planning on turning in the second I get home from work tonight. (Did I just have four days off? Nah, that must have been last month.)
 
 
td, go to the gathering. have one for me!

btw, i'm glad you're here!      
 
 
TerryDoo has me beat... I've only been putting in 10 1/2 hours per for the past couple of weeks... but with sleep disorder, and being on the wrong side of 495...

Well, you are all welcome to come to JP O'Hanelon's in Ayer. Nice Irish pub where me and the Mrs will be dining tonight.

Oh poo!
 
 
Take a hint from us old guys. RETIRE. It's great. Do and sleep when you want. Come and go as you please. Well, you do still have a boss, but she'll become an unbreakable habit by the time you retire. Have fun, and keep the rest of A2K in mind as ye raise your glasses.
 
 
Ayer huh SP ? not tonight but in the near future sometime I'd like to check that out if you're up for it.
 
 
Ill have my cell on but, twont do ya any good Im afraid, been down with the flu for two days, and today doesnt look any brighter.
Shall however do Saturday brunch  
 
 
Ah, we have plans. What a concept!

I can/will be there, with a digital camera (not the greatest camera ever, so prepare to be blurry). Anyone object to photos being posted? Or should I get you all drunk before asking?

I'll be taking the T to avoid the Somerville vortex, which, frankly, scares me.

Sorry to be missing Mr. & Mrs. Sealpoet and the ill Ms. quinn1. Feel better soon, dolling.

Time: 6:30 or 7 PM
Place: The Burren, 247 Elm St., Davis Sq., Somerville, MA

I'll be wearing, um, something warm. jjorge, if necessary, we'll just shout your name over and over again - which will work out well if the Burren has a PA system. Or, just look for a group of folks and that'll probably be us. :-D

See you there! Yee-haw!
 
 
Hi TD, c.i. here. WELCOME to A2K. Glad you finally made it here.  
 
 
Well, I'm sorry to see that the group is shrinking... Quinn, feel better! TD, I guess that might be a valid excuse but it won't fly next time! SP, get some rest, for crying out loud!

See some and/or many of you there! I plan to pick up one of those disposable cameras this afternoon, so we'll have at least two sources of pics. :-)

For those who have never seen me before, I am about 5'6" with shoulder length red-brown hair. I'll be wearing black jeans, black tee with a rose and the word "volcom" on it, and a black sweater. And I'll be enjoying my first properly-poured Guinness in months! There are pictures of me on quinn's and k's sites.
 
 
I believe I'll be there with the boy (around 8) - gonna be in Meefa anyway.
 
 
Excellent!
 
 
Waving from over here!!!

HAVE FUN!!!    
 
 
Aw, quinn! Do you need anything? Is it the dreaded Norwalk virus?
 
 
If its the Norwalk, not sure if she could sustain enough energy to actually post a response.
 
 
Somerville? Yikes, over the river and through the hoods.

Okay, I will really try. I wish I could go Saturday but I'll be out of town (I sit around weekends waiting for plans to form, you get tickets to leave, boom, plans!!)

It'll be after 7 or so when I get there. I promise I will put forth a heartfelt effort to get there. Its drama for me when I head to Slumerville though.
 
 
P.S. Hi!!! To everyone. I keep meaning to spend time here and look around. I signed on like 4 times, but never got to post. I miss you guys!
 
 
Hi bored! The Burren is easy to get to - if your're taking the train just get off the Red Line at Davis and walk across the street (past Somerville Theater & Diesel Cafe).

If you're driving and need directions or get lost, give me a call!
 
 
PS - a lot of people go through Cambridge, etc. to get there - basically take Mass. Ave through Porter Square. In Porter, there will be "Joe Sent Me" on your left and a stone church on your right. Take a right before the church, left at the stop sign, and it will dump you right into Davis Square. The street becomes a one way so you have to think of the block like a rotary.

The highway "I don't want to drive on side streets" way - take 93 North to Medford/Route 16. off exit, go straight, staying on 16. About one mile, go around rotary, in at noon, out at 6 - still route 16. Set of lights at Foodmaster, take left. At 2nd set of lights you will be in Teele Square/slight fork in the road - take a right - go straight into Davis, Burren will be on your left after you enter the square
 
 
hot rum toddy for quinn, or a hot whiskey, water and lemon? either one will cure what ails you.
 
 
Pueo--The feelings mutual. It's good to see you around.  

Hi c.i.!!!!! I knew I'd make it eventually, but I haven't had a lot of time to investigate... yet.  

Today turned out to be a short one, only eleven hours. Time to soak my feet and spend some quality time with my pillow. Behave yourselves and don't drink too much... or too little.  

(hee hee, I LOVE emoticons, hee hee)
 
 
Aaaahhh, that was nice! Until the band started to play <shudder>
 
 
you all have a good time then?
 
 
I'm still waiting for details ;-)
 
 
C'mon kids! What's the gossip? Who got drunk and danced on the table? Who actually showed? Just how bad was the band?

Mickey... anytime. Or I'll drop you a line when next I plan to be on our favorite pile of glacier poop.
 
 
Pics:  http://groups.msn.com/littlekb/a2kgatheringjan03theburren.msnw 

Sorry about the washed-out photo, marycat. Blame the digital camera!

The evening was a smashing success!

Littlek and her housemate Dascha met me at the Burren and we began enjoying the fine cuisine the Burren has to offer. Various people came by, asking if we were Jody or Cat and we quickly determined there was a similar gathering going on at the next table (It was some online book group. No, we didn't challenge them to a rumble). marycat then arrived and the new graduate was congratulated all around. We then saw a guy with a baseball cap with a piece of paper taped to it that said A2K?. This was our own jjorge!

He was welcomed at our table and we settled in for some serious good times as Sugar and her fiancé (a non-A2Ker, alas, it will be a mixed marriage) arrived. Her shiny new engagement ring was oohed and aahed at as we began to notice the band was setting up about every piece of equipment in the greater Massachusetts area. JerryR arrived as the band was hauling in its fourth guitar and second keyboard. If you've ever been to the Burren, you'll know it's not exactly the largest place in the world and, therefore, the band and its various accoutrements took up about 3/4 of the available space.

It was around this time that I had to leave, as I would possibly turn into a pumpkin or some other type of squash. The band then struck up a lively (?) rendition of the Bee Gees' "How Deep is Your Love" and it was then I noticed that the lead singer bore a remarkable resemblance to Seiji Ozawa, although with hair dyed brown. Seiji is the former conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, so that readily explained the enormous number of instruments.

As I made my way out of the crowded Burren, it took long enough that I was able to hear and enjoy (?) two other tunes, Rick Springfield's "Jesse's Girl" and Lionel Ritchie's "I'm Easy (like Sunday morning)". Yes, folks, they were charging cover for a band to play the kind of stuff that most of us dial past on our radios as we head for the solace of something a little less... schmaltzy.

I headed home into the freezing Boston night but did not hear any explosions or other evidence of excessive merrymaking by our group. Another of them will need to regale you all with the details of what happened after I departed. You know, the voodoo rituals and all.
 
 
Jes forgot to mention that I had gone and returned, realizing that I'd forgotten to pitch in for my part of the bill. I'd made it all the way home before realizing.

We all left shortly after Jes did. We went out the back door instead of fighting through the amazingly packed Burren. People waited in line to see this crap. The band wasn't even good. The harmonies were awful, the musical talent was mediocre. We continued on to the bar next door, small, crowded and quiet - aaaahhhh. I left next, dunno what happened after that first round at the new place.
 
 
Perhaps that's when the voodoo rituals and Santeria began.
 
 
(jjorge, blinking, shakes his head trying to focus his blurry vision, clear his blurry thoughts....looks around)

Oh yeh, last night I was north of the Rivah.
... there was that other rivah too - amber and foamy.  

Ooh, whose been walking on my tongue in dirty, wooly socks?
 
 
Thanks for the reports! Do you think you'll recover in time for tomorrow's brunch?  
 
 
I don't know - the boy and I wanted to stay for the band. Where else can you get the surreal entertainment of that whole set up, the anticipation of a heavy metal band lying in wait to blast your eardrums out and then the opening number turns out to be a BeeGees tune? And all for free!

Yep, shuffled on over to the Sligo next door and planted ourselves in a corner. Had some cheap beers and then 50 people crammed in through the door, making the crowd a little much. Had to go back to my South Shore home and so that was all for me.
 
 
The Beegees? at the Burren?

you guys are kidding, right?
 
 
The BeeGees...oh boy...sounds like a grand old time even though.
 
 
mikey, I wish we were joking. the weird thing is that it was packed!

Sugar - I thought you were staying in mefed.
 
 
No, was there just for dinner - I stay on home on school nights
 
 
thursdays is always packed. tufts crowd?
you must've sat in the back room.
that's too bad about the music. dissapointing. i'll sit on my stool out front, sounds like it's a safer place to be.
where you kids going tomorrow?
 
 
We did sit in the back room - but for all my time spent at the Burren I've never seen a band quite like this, even on open mic night. I was amused at least.

Also wanted to mention, it was nice to meet jjorge! Drove all the way up from RI to spend some quality time with us and spent some of it chatting with the boy. Comments heard later - "I can't believe that he does that clinic work just 'because'! Tough job, the man's got to be out of his mind!" And that's from a former screw....

Hope to see you imbibing with us again jjorge!

:wink:
 
 
I am so sorry I didn't make it last night. By the time I finished up at work and got home to pack it was almost 8. I knew I wasn't going, but I did put make up on in a feeble attempt to get prepped to head out.

I am sorry! Its been so long since I hung out with you guys. AND to miss a BeeGees cover-band?!?! C'mon.

It, of course, sounded like a fun night. I am bummed to miss tomorrow too. Is it gospel brunch?

Enjoy it guys, and keep me in the loop. Its crappy wintertime and we need outings (fueled by alcohol) to keep us going!!
 
 
Hi folks!

I had a great time. You really made this old guy feel welcome.
I 'd come up for the brunch if I could but I'm going to be on the Cape
Saturday and Sunday.

Jes,
I'm really glad I met you but wish you could've stayed longer. I never got to deliver the plaudits and accolades you deserve for your and Craven's 'Gift' of A2K.

Hi Sugar,
it was great meeting you and 'The boy'. You and he make a terrific couple! Congrats again on your engagement.

PS HE is the one with the tough jobs: 'screw'? Juvenile Probation? phew!

Hi Marycat,
Delighted to meet you. Love that hat! I liked your friend. He's an interesting guy. Too bad your S.O. couldn't be there. I have my fingers crossed for him. Hope he gets that break soon.

Jerry,
Really nice to meet you. Wow! JW AND CIA both, that's some culinary resumé. Send food! (just kidding)
Wish we had had more time to talk.

Littlek
Nice to see your smiling face. You're prettier than your pictures

To the rest of our A2k friends,

I have just one thing to say about this group:

"Bright eyes and bright futures"
 
 
Aw jjorge, shucks! I don't really feel llike I had a lot of time to chat with you. Glad you had fun!
 
 
:-D Thanks!

Excellent party last night. Even if I did look like Casper in Jes's photo... We'll chalk it up to being too close to the flash.

Brunch tomorrow is show-up-12-or-1-or-so at Dick's Last Resort in the Back Bay, behind the Pru. I called and said 10 or 12 or so people would descend upon the place around noon or so, and the guy said no problem, the more the merrier, no reservation necessary, so I hope to see as many of you as possible!

Woohoo! I love buffet brunch. And Bloody Mary Bars.

Quinn, you'd better be healthy tomorrow morning!
 
 
10-12 people?
 
 
Jjorge's Oddysey North of The Rivah' -Part l

On Thursdays I drive up from Rogues Island to the 'Home Of The Brave' (aka Avon, MA) to take my sainted mutha shopping, do a few chores etc.
So it worked out perfectly to go to the 'Boston Gathering' on that day.

I left beautiful downtown Avon at 5:30 pm.
Thirty minutes later I got off the Xway by Fleet Center/North Station. So far so good.

I had left home in the a.m -no time to revisit the 'Boston Gathering' thread and be clear on directions or start time. No time to go to Mapquest and map it. ('I'll just wing it,' I had said to myself.)

Well, I KNOW Boston - Downtown, Back Bay, Southie, Dorchesta etc. and the South Shore is where I grew up. But Mutha always said: 'Don't go North of the Rivah!'(Harvard Sq. by subway doesn't count)

So, to me, that's like the dark side of the moon over there.
Anway, I SORTA knew where Somerville was, kinda squished between route one and Cambridge with one end bumping up against Medford.

Well, before I knew it I was going over the Longfellow Bridge and trusting my intuition. Pretty soon I found myself in Kendall.

Then my gut told me to follow Cambridge St.
Whaddya know! in a few minutes I'm in Harvard square!
So, My intuition and gut having failed me, I decided to followed a HUNCH.
I kinda doubled back but obliquely, angling somewhat Northeast...(at least it FELT like it was NE)
Then, halleluah I found myself on a street called Somerville St.

So I drove down Somerville St. and eventually came upon a 'Target'store. At that point, having listened to my intuition, my hunch and my gut, I decided to listen to my bladder -which was was SCREAMING.
After placating my bladder, I still wasn't ready to ask for directions, but I DID remember the Burren's street address: 247 Elm St.

With a map purchased in Target, I quickly found Elm St and ten minutes later I was parking near the Burren! Time: 7:15pm.

***********************************

To be continued in Part ll:

"One Bewildered Geezer, Lost in a Sea of Twenty and Thirty Somethings"
 
 
I like my Bloody Marys with a celery stick.   Gotta have some nourishment..... c.i.
 
 
Heehee, jjorge! I didn't hear that saga! Sommerville is notorious for being a vortex of mis-direction. Davis square almost doesn't count. Glad you remembered the address.
 
 
See..the whole Somerville vortex rears its ugly head once more....its just a scary thing.
Feeling almost perky even  
Ill be theah
 
 
Somerville Vortex...you said it!

Well A2k'ers...you've been spared.
It must have been divine intervention.
I typed out part ll of my narrative on notepad and
It got lost somewhere in that other vortex of cyberspace.
At about six w.p.m. -hunt and peck typing method - the thought of
re-doing it is exhausting. So you escape with only the highlights:

7:20 pm jjorge arrives at the Burren, walks around looking
bewildered.

7:25-
7-35 asks a couple of groups if they are A2k, discuss with
bartender, waitress, (shrugs but no help)

7:35-
7:55 Positioned at the bar, studying new arrivals and drinking

8:00 Notice guy in my line of vision staring back...smiling.

8:01- Ask bartender for pen and paper and cellophane tape.
8:10 Draw 3" tall sign: "A2K?" and attach to the front of my
Baseball cap, trying not to see my image in the bar
mirror.

8:10- Resisting urge to tell those around me "I'm NOT mentally
8:15 ill!" I explain to the guy standing next to me why I
have to embarrass myself thus.
"The beer helps." he says.

8:16- With my cap in place I walk through the Burren looking
around to left and right (telling myself that a little embar-
asment helps to keep us humble.)

8:20- I spy waving arms and smiling faces. There's Jespah,
Marycat, Littlek and housemate and Sugar (joined shortly
by 'The Boy'). Then Jerry arrives and Marycats friend,
Huan ?sp?
thence-
forth Laughter conversation, beer etc.    
alls well that ends well.
 
 
great recap jjorge.

btw, didn't fishin say he was going to be there too?
 
 
Pueo
He might be going to the brunch tomorrow but he wasn't there last night.
 
 
One observation: it seems that the people east of the Mississippi are more prone to get-togethers compared to your brothers and sisters on the west of. When we lived in Illinois, we used to have progressive dinners, parties, and we knew our neighbors. Here in California, we know just a few of our neighbors, although we've lived here for over thirty years, and we've never had a social get-together. ;( c.i.
 
 
i'll get out there one day c.i.
 
 
pueo, I'm gonna remember that 'promise' pueo. The flight will cost you a grand, but we'll treat you to a GREAT MEAL. c.i.
 
 
sounds good
 
 
Oh Boy! Party at C.I.'s place!
 
 
C.I.

We should have a West Coast get together. Why do the East Coasters have all the fun??

Anon
 
 
I agree! I think Asherman wanted to have something in Arizona, but I'd much prefer something closer to our neighborhood. I'm all for it. Why don't we give it a try? c.i.
 
 
Last year I flew to Arizona to meet Diane (who flew in from Florida), piffka and another SEATACer (who came in from Washington State), Diane's friend (who came in from Ct), drVal (in from Michigan), and cobalt and friend (driving in from Texas). Location's got nothin' to do with it!

I think Diane's got somethin' to do with it in my case - I met her 3x last year! The Tucson trip - my Cambridge/Cape Cod/Casa Flamingo trip - and then a trip to the Catskills. You've just gotta get out there and meet everybody!

I am sooooooo envious of this latest get-together <sigh>. I may get out and meet the local bookcrossing's group. They look to be quite interesting.
 
 
Beth - there was a book-reading group at the bar thursday night.... I, as you might notice, am not at the saturday gathering.
 
 
I did indeed notice that.

The book-crossings group here seems to meet at coffee shops - i've checked out some photos - looks quite congenial - the next meeting looks like it will be around the corner from work. I'd better release some books right quick.
 
 
how come you didn't go lil'k? good day for it.
 
 
ehBeth, Locations got nothing to do with it, as you have proved, but it does make it more 'convenient' to have it close to home. That way, it can become more 'regular' than if we had to travel hundreds or even thousands of miles.   c.i.
 
 
We are exploring the idea of a Western A2K gathering in Abluquerque sometime in April, or maybe May, or even June. So far I think there are about ten folks who've expressed interest. Albuquerque is relatively central to most of the Greater Southwest, though our distances are much greater than those in New England, or the Southeast. Albuquerque can be reached by road (I-25 and I-40), or by air into Albuquerque's Sun Port.

To ease the cost, my wife and I will open our home Corazon for most of the gathering activities. We have plenty of room, a pool, BBQ, bar, and etc. We have only two guest rooms, but they might be available if anyone's budget is stretched too tight to afford a hotel room. Because we live on a modest government pension we are not able to supply all the food and drinks that this crowd might consume. We can provide some transportation, but I think most would benefit by car rental. When the gathering is more definite, I'll try to get a group rate at one of the local hotels. Finding a suitable restaurant here should be no problem if the group want to sit down together for a meal. There are a number of casinos within easy distance, and visits to a pueblo, or to Santa Fe are also easily arranged.

I'll donate a picture to the A2K person traveling the longest distance to the gathering. Hope that tempts some of you from the Pacific Coast, or from outside the region.
 
 
Asherman, I'm sure I express the appreciation of many who consider making the trek to Albuquerque - hopefully on a date I can make it. Late May or early June would be perfect for me! Let us know when a date is established, so we can start to make plans for it. Thank you, c.i.
 
 
Anything for a free picture, eh Cicero. The date and details must stay fluid I think for a little longer. Let's see who all is interested, and what dates are best for the greatest number.
 
 
paying very very very close attention
 
 
I'm in! I love New Mexico!

Anon
 
 
<sigh>.... New Mexico....
 
 
H-m-m-m-m... New Mexico huh?
 
 
Sorry, c.i. If I make it down from Nome, the picture would probably be mine.
 
 
Roger:

You're in Nome, Alaska? Holy Moley, man!!

You should start an Interaction on drilling for oil in Alaska from a residents viewpoint. I frankly hate the idea, and I think the only reason Alaskans want drilling is because of the check they get for it... but... I've been full of shit before also.

I think it would be interesting!!

Anon
 
 
roger, you've got to go to Nome first.
 
 
New Mexico..always wanted to visit  

Anywho...what a gathering of spirits...wait...it was Sprites!!! Yes, the lovely EZtheSprite and Mr. Mazepattern were of the grandest surprise to see at Dicks...just lovely. Ms mc and friend were there as well, and to round it all off...myself and Fishin.
The general expected enthusiasm was partaken of, including the having been absent of late but not having loosing his touch MP's way with the ladies...those waitresses just adore him. Heck, they adore us to such a great degree that I think we all have a date in the near future...although I am a bit leary as to what that would entail, its all good.
Twas the usual 3+ hour brunch...however, no brunch was being served...we spoiled ourselves with simple foods of a usual luncheon nature.
Dont tell the Ny'ers but, much was said against the poor city and its dwellers as mc is having difficulty with it as a transplant from the fine and friendly Boston. I dont think she can get out soon enough actually.
Twas grand to get out of the bitter temps and see such friendly faces anyway.
 
 
pix!

think new mexico
think new mexico
think new mexico
 
 
mc took some pix...I however opted out of bringing my camera for the sheer reason of not wanting to carry it through the freezing temps on the T and all that..oh well.

yeah...think NM...all those warm thoughts should do well about now
 
 
Aaaawwww, I missed the sprite and MP! Dangit!

Glad you all had a good time.
 
 
yeah...was very nice to see them after so long...missed them man
sniff

 
 
 
I'm happy to hear you all had a good time. I was tempted to ditch work to join you. Perhaps I should have.
 
 
yep...would have been nice to see you as well..shouldda ditched work  
 
 
8,000 pages back - thanks, jjorge! Sorry I couldn't stay any later but eventually I become a squash and it's really quite tragic. And I wanted to talk to ya more. Next time next time next time.

Dangit I missed fishin' and MP and the Sprite! Ah, well, I was flyin' to NY by then.
 
 
And I'm back in New York.

So great to see everybody! Yay! Wish I could have seen you too, Terry. Work, schmork!

I'd like to go and gather in New Mexico. It's warm and gorgeous there all the time!
 
 
Hey MC! Where can we check the pics? Darn, I was following this thread the whole weekend, hoping to see some pics of y'all...! show me yours, and I promise I'll show you mine after the Florida gathering! Please, prettypleasewithacherryontop, please
 
 
Pics... Yeah, I should get those processed tomorrow...
 
 
Jespah posted a link to pix somewhere in the previous pages.
 
 
try to get the pics on a picture-cd, and post those that are fit on the 'net!
 
 
I'm coming into Boston this weekend. Wednesday through Sunday. Busy Saturday night... Let's do something!
 
 
oooh, I dunno if I'll be able to make it. Maybe if it was a meeting saturday morning.....?

Are you just back for a visit?
 
 
OH>>MARYCATS GONNA BE IN TOWN!!

FRIDAY? SAT AFTERNOON?
Whats your schedule sweetie?
 
 
saturday morning works, i think... i'm visiting and looking for a job so i can come back for good! do you have contact info for quinn1 and jerryr?
 
 
  marycat? Our little marycat???
 
 
hahaha! voila!
 
 
ah yes, can contact mr jerry easily for you...might be helpful even.
 
 
yes!!! i'm coming hooooome!
 
 
 
Now, to find you a job. And a place to live. And and and...to hang out and and and...all that stuffs.

 
 
 
{biggrin}
 
 
 
yes!!! i'm coming hooooome!
 
 

*schniff* And here we thought our little girl had run away forever. *schniff*
 
 
i tried emailing jerry, buit he didn't respond.
*pout*
i'll be looking for jobs in nyc tuesday and wednesday. (diversifying the search a little.)
coming to boston wednesday. and searching harder for jobs.
there is a concert saturday night at the paradise, and everyone is welcome and encouraged to attend.
we need to hang out at someplace involving food also, though.
i have not had good fish and chips since... last gathering.
 
 
Jery has been a very busy guy...poor thing. Well, I can send you more detailed info. Hold.

Fish & CHips....yuummmm.

Whos playin?
 
 
grupo fantasma.
my friend's band from austin.
they're really good.
 
 
A Texas band in Boston???

 
 
 
they're really good. mexican, rock, jazz, and blues influence.

thx for the jerry info. i'll call him soon.

where's terrydoo? and jespah? and let's make an actual plan.

*so excited*

 
 
 
anyone who has a copy of yesterday's globe classifieds can be the first to see me, by the way.

please please if you have the help wanted bit, DON'T THROW IT OUT!

Thank you.

Okay, so I have Plans Thursday night. And there's the show on Saturday night. And otherwise, I am flexible.

Friday afternoon and Saturday morning/afternoon have been suggested. And more concrete ideas?
 
 
*pssst* The Boston Globe "Help Wanted" ads can all be found on-line at  http://bostonworks.boston.com/   
 
 
yeah... but it's easier to read in paper form...
 
 
LUDDITE!  
 
 
I have a paper, will try TRY (so....hard....) not to recycle it.
 
 
Thank you.

k wins! Woohoo!
 
 
hehehe
 
 
I assume you'll want to look at it before saturday morning....?
 
 
Is somebody in charge for the Boston Gathering? I have a few "San Francisco, A2K Gathering, April 9-12, 2004" golf caps that is available if you want them. Send me your mail address by PM. c.i.
 
 
someone in charge of a Boston Gathering? heeheehehehe. Sorry, but we are notoriously bad at taking charge. I can receive hats though....
 
 
I heard my name. MC!
 
 
oooh hats!
c.i., like k said, we bostonians tend to do everything by committee and/or default. direction is something we don't take well.

hi jespah!  

Okay, so lessee, about the paper... k, pm me your number. i have a new cell and i will pm it back. (and to any of you who request it, so long as i am near a computer!)
 
 
<schniff> I MIGHT be able to make a Fri night gathering, but I can't guarantee anything. Have a friend's bridal shower on Sat. morning, working Sunday....
 
 
We're maybes - it's big allergy time here.
 
 
I was trying to trim my hedge with my lawn mower a few days ago. The lawn mower slipped and I had both my hands cut off. Nice clean cuts, right at the wrist. I'm learning to type now by holding a pencil in my mouth. It really is quite challenging.

I didn't want to start a whole new thread concerning my severed hands, so I picked one at random.

I hope I didn't interrupt anything important.

Carry on.
 
 
what's up, stumpy!

er, how do you, uh, you know... nehhhhhhvermiiiiiind...
 
 
Go ahead and ask me, Region Philbis.

I have no shame.
 
 
Here's one of my hands. (the other one is in the refrigerator)

 

As you can see, the damage isn't too bad and I can probably have it reattached. The other one is a little more tore up, but not so bad as it couldn't be used.

I'm going to keep them both on ice until I can come up with a couple hundred dollars. That's how much Doc Jeeter wants for the operation.

Until then.... the pencil will have to do.
 
 
I certainly hope I'm not disrupting the flow of this thread.
 
 
ok, this has to handled gently -- ooh sorry stumpy, no offense.

how do you...
how do you...

<<gathering courage>>

 

well, here goes:

How do You Know if Your Food is Genetically Modified?
 
 
Oh. That. Well, I have my ways.
 
 
i must applaud you -- whoops! -- congratulate you, on your pencil-in-the-mouth typing technique. well done, stumpy! well done...

especially nice job capitalizing the proper letters. i myself am in possession of two functioning hands (both attached i might add), yet my capitalization skills are woefully lacking.
 
 
I have god-like powers.
 
 
Gus, I am in awe. What do you capitalize the letters with if both your hands are...oooh, nemmind. I don't wanna know.

But I do want a golf cap!!! i do i do i do. i can make friday afternoon, if it is not evening, am leaving for the weekend but would love to see all. when? where? how bout hahvahd squae? or people's republic? or plough and stars? (both on mass ave). somebody needs to be in charge of this boston crowd. we need leadership.
 
 
Okay, how many of you attending the Boston Gathering want a "San Francisco, A2K Gathering" golf cap?
 
 
show of hands?
(again, fierce apologies to ol' stumpy stumperson...)
 
 
RP, That'll work for me if it does for you! LOL
 
 
If I'm not mistaken, Stumpy already showed a hand.
 
 
gus also types with his toes.  
 
 
Sorry to cic for not getting back to this thread sooner with that question.

I'd love a hat!
 
 
What's the Boston Gathering dates?
 
 
We have a thing this weekend with Marycat's return to the area. But, we don't have any set fetes planned right now. I think there's a BBQ at the Sealpoets' place this summer.
 
 
What--no updates--tomorrow is Friday people..dang Bostonians...humph  

Someplace Friday evening? Saturday afternoon? What, where, when, how.....
virgo gone wild.

 
 
 
Eek Virgo gone wild all right.

Okay, the fish 'n chips place near Faneuil Hall is called (is this right?) Kitty O'Shea's?

Is that acceptable to all? If so, which day is better? Friday will be (per the Weather Channel) rain-free but prolly kinda cloudy. Saturday is less likely to be rain-free. Dunno if that makes a difference to anyone but just in case it does, I'm throwin' it out there.

Anything else to be concerned with?
 
 
Friday Night or Saturday afternoon for Fish & Chips at Kitty's sounds fabulous to me--either one I could do.

 
 
 
littlek, I've shipped the golf caps by snail mail - all ten to you. You should get them sometime next week.
 
 
Sounds good to me.

I'm in Boston! Woohoo! Actually, Brookline, right now.

*edit let's do SATURDAY AFTERNOON!!!* at Kitty O'Shea's. What time works for everyone? I'm just looking for work, so I have no serious time constraints, really.

If you don't see me online again, it means I'm away from a computer, and someone should CALL ME with the details, if we can come up with some actual details.....
 
 
Pwerhaps Mcat and I should arrange a quick meeting to exchange the sunday globe's works section. I'm not going to be able to make friday night and prolly can't make a sat afternoon thangie.
 
 
OOPS I JUST ACCIDENTALLY DOUBLEBOOKED

Let's do Saturday afternoon. Not Friday dinner. Friday night = bad. Saturday anytime = good.
 
 
k -- what's good for you? Cup of tea tomorrow (Friday) morning or afternoon? (and I actually mean tomorrow this time)

(I utterly confused myself by changing the day I came into Boston. But I'm much better now.)

I'll give you a call in the morning, or you give me a call, and we'll meet quickly and exchange hellos and newspaper. See you soon, I hope!  
 
 
Marycat - I can meet you some time (late morning) before noon - does that work? Feel like coming into harvard square?
 
 
 
littlek, I've shipped the golf caps by snail mail - all ten to you. You should get them sometime next week.
 

Thanks Cic! Will be awaiting package anxiously! I don't even know exactly what a golf cap is.....
 
 
Sounds excellent.
Tealuxe?
 
 
great. 11am?
 
 
Sounds perfect.
 
 
 
littlek, A golf cap is what we usually call a baseball cap. I was really confused when I ordered these, because the factory kept calling them golf caps. I kept telling them I wanted baseball caps. They sent a picture, and that settled it.  
 
 
mcat - ok! To be sure, the tealuxe in H.S. on mass ave - yes?

Cic - I see! I guess golf caps sound more high class?
 
 
Okay, Saturday afternoon it is. Time? I dont know, does time really matter? lol. How about between 1-3. Is that a good afternoon time for everyone?
Oh yes, and please... must I say that I would not want anyone to start a tequilla round thingy like the last itme we were there    
It looks like it will be a nice day to walk through Quincy Market too.
 
 
Just out of curiosity, will you all be wearing your Alex Rodriguez Yankee jerseys?
 
 
Assuming Tealuxe in Harvard Square hasn't moved in the last two years.... Though things do seem to move a lot when I don't keep a close eye on them....
I will see you at 11!
 
 
pay-rod jerseys are tempting.
either that or an ensemble of stained bib-alls, amish button-down cloth shirt, and a dog-eared straw hat...
 
 
rare photo of "stumpy" ratzenhofer on the campaign trail,
ca. 1984
 
 
 
R.P. - Don't foget the machette. We've got some hand lopping to do.  
 
 
dang! i always have to look too late! i could have made the tealuxe in HS at 11 today!!!! but can't do tomorrow :-(
can i still get one baseball cap or any other hat?
 
 
Okay. So it is now Saturday.

What time works for people?

I've got a show to get to at 9 at the Paradise. Other than that, just a whole lot of job hunting to do, connections to make, people to impress, and so on.
 
 
Well, Im up for sometime this afternoon.....

anyone else??
 
 
BTW- if littlek or Seal Poets are going to stop in...lemme know..have flowering jade snips  
 
 
Okay, so it looks like:
marycat
quinn
hopefully jespah if allergies clear up a little
fishin?
 
 
yes, he says he guesses he'll go too
 
 
 
yes, he says he guesses he'll go too
 

what's the big idea, givin' him a vote. Setanta'll be getting ideas now!  
 
 
teehee
 

So I'm counting on quinn, fishin, and jespah, unless I hear otherwise from jes.

Sounds like k, Jerry, Terry, and dag are all busy. Alas. But I understand.

Haven't heard anything from Sugar, though I did hear that she's in hardcore wedding planning and house buying, so I understand. Haven't heard from the Seal Poets either, and they have no excuse!
 
 
Well then gal...pick a time and we'll go from there I suppose
 
 
okay.

4-or-so

Kitty O'Shea's

Everyone should be there! Woohoo!
 
 
EBeth..well, ya know sometimes ya gotta make it look like they have a choice  

Okay so...mc got an interview for early afternoon hours.
We shall be meeting her around 4 at Kitty's...if any of ya'll want to show up and have bite, Ill bring snips in case, and well..we'll see you then  
 
 
The Seals are away!
 
 
Oh--I was not aware. Humm.

Okay then. thanks  
 
 
waaaah! I want some snips! How does this 'make him think he has a choice' thing go again? The guy's getting here after 4pm. I still dunno if we could get there. But, I'll keep it open as an option.
 
 
Eek, oops, I'm too late. I have massive allergies, including very, very weepy eyes and I'm sure I'm exceptionally attractive right now.

'Scuse me, I have to go sneeze several times in a row.
 
 
Oooh poor jespah.
*hug*

Well, the gathering was a lot of fun. Fishin, quinn, and I had an awesome time, with special rare guest hokun. And I got some flowering jade snips! Which I promise to endeavor not to kill.

Then my friend's band's show was awesome.

I had a great day.

 
 
 
Ill have more snips k, no problem  

Awe Jes...I know how you feel...Ive been taking alavert 12 hour for weeks now...blah.

Was nice to see and catch up with mc...and it was a fabulous day to go into town. Great to see hokun again also!
You know, I think the most hysterical part of the trip was on the T home...this man that although he didnt look to be to high on the luck scale, didnt look like an absolute loon either....came by Fishin and I saying "NO Thank You" to each of us, and a couple of other guys walking down by the train also...he continued to go on about how we were all "damned" and "sinners" and "Lord Jesus...whatever he was shouting." It really was funny..I think he needed a hug.
I wasnt giving him one but, I wish someone would. Some nice Irish Catholic lady will probably beat him with her purse.
 
 
ROFL

Perhaps he's the dude on the recording we were regaled with on the phone earlier this evening. A guy with a heavy Boston accent told us gay marriage is coming and it's an offense to God (gee, if he's got such an in with God and what God likes, maybe he shoulda asked if he'd find a receptive audience at our house). Anyway, they're off to the state house on Thurs. at noon so I figure the Fab Five should be sent there to woo over the very likely extraordinarily ugly (in more ways than one) crowd with fabulous makeovers.

PS Many thanks for the hug, MC - I'm mainlining Claritin these days and am still getting lovely headaches and very wet eyes so perhaps the best thing to do is for me to start going to really shmaltzy films so that at least my weeping will seem appropriate.

I missed ya! When will you be back? Are job prospects good? *hug* and *group hug*!
 
 
 
ROFL

Perhaps he's the dude on the recording we were regaled with on the phone earlier this evening. A guy with a heavy Boston accent told us gay marriage is coming and it's an offense to God

 

Interesting. I was in Avon MA today to take my Mom shopping. When she got home the same recording was on her voice mail.

They must be blanketing the electorate with that message.
 
 
I was hoping for a way to complain but there was no identifying stuff at all in the message and *69 said it was a "private number". The Do-Not Call Registry won't do anything because it's arguably a political message. Argh.
 
 
