 
 
GREEK RIOTS - Are the protesters rational?!
 
 
We have probably all heard about the Greek having to pass an austerity package in order to secure more funding by the EU. The question is, Do the austerity cuts merit havoc on the streets of Athens, the chucking of petrol bombs and general disorder or are the Greek citizens misinformed in their logic?

First off, should the Greek parliament not pass the austerity measure and get more funding, then Greece will default and the WHOLE of the Eurozone will be thrown into turmoil. The stock and bond markets will crash and the news will have vast implications globally. Sometimes isnt it better for a few to bear the brunt of a storm so not everyone suffers?

Secondly, like in the London riots, is most of the crime opportunistic of do they have a genuine reason to be fearful. I feel the latter is probably true. In their defense, the cuts
are huge but who is to complain as they have had a lavish pension pot among other things in recent years.

Id like to hear all your thoughts on the Greek riots. I think that whilst the people have a right to be annoyed, threatening the whole of the eurozone is calamitous. BUT equally does no-one else feel that financial advisors and governments are only delaying the inevitable? Greece will eventually default on its debts.

Finally I leave you with this thought - How can countries & central banks keep on lending to each other when it is evident none of them can pay each other back?

edit: Why neg? This is a real issue and real people's livelihoods are at stake
 
 
The greeks have had their democracy stripped away in the name of saving french and german banks.
When the power of the ballot box is stripped away, the power of the petrol bomb seems a damn sight more appealing.

The real tragedy in all this is the repetition.
Germany was in a very similar situation in the late 20's, early 30's.
As then, they were trapped in a fixed exchange-rate structure that prevented competitive devaluation.
As then, the leading party lost support in a big way (polling 8% in greece right now) and the people drifted towards the extreme right, and also the extreme left in the form of adolf hitler and his nazi party.

All that remains to be seen is what the greek political landscape will look like after the country defaults. Germany and France may end up bringing in an extreme government in their quest to save their own financial systems.
 
 
Whilst in the London riots many of the teenagers had so much in terms of personal future prospects and even in terms of possession. People in Greece have now got to the stage where they have nothing, no future and nothing to hold on for today. The minimum wage is now the lowest in Europe and the level of youth unemployment has now reached more than 50%.

Just like the person above said, Greece has had it's democracy stripped by the officials in Germany and the Euro zone. Don't forget the protest today was meant for 5pm(Greek time) And by 5:15 police were already throwing tear gas and moving in before any buildings or any shops had been looted. I'm not here to blame the police because obviously none of that would've been needed if they weren't attacked in the first place.

Greece WILL go bankrupt and have to default soon. They thought the first bail out last year would be enough to save it, it wasn't. We'll be seeing the same thing come a few months time. A lot of it is their own faults but then trying to take higher sums of money from people with nothing doesn't work.
 
 
It's great to see the greeks react to attacks on the working class in the was that they did!
 
 
Greece did not have its democracy stripped away; they gave it away ten years ago when they successfully negotiated for wages and benefits that were unsustainable. Here is the lesson. When an economist who cares only for the value of numbers and has no regard for social beliefs tells you that you are not and cannot make what you are demanding, you should listen to him. Don't get creative. Don’t use selective methods to alter the equation. Accept mathematics for their honesty. No matter how noble someone’s ideology is, it won't make 2 + 2 = a billion.

The working class of Greece was so successful at negotiating, that they got more than they could afford. If you want to blame someone, blame the ones who based their ambitions in ideals over reality. They didn't have democracy "stripped away". They sold it!
 
 
Forgvie my ignorance, but why did Greece go bust?
 
 
Serves them right, none of them paid tax and there gov overspent.

They deserve austerity, you don't take out a loan and moan when you're forced to save pennies to pay it back.
 
 
Its sad that people keep failing to see that its neither the fault of the Greeks nor that of French or Germans, its the Transnational Capitalist Class, the people who started the Euro-project, the "Elites" in each country who either wanted to increase their Capital at the core, or were desparate to join the Core imposing the market and societal rules on their people by promising huge future gains, they just forgot to mention the risks. Sadly, the people usually didn't try to halt that process because little gains in infrastructre and wages mislead them to think they could actually trust the higher-ups. To their defense I want to add though, that in many countries corrupt elites and/or political systems did alltogether minimize the "democratic" influence of voters.
 
 
This is a great article answering your question! Cant believe it partly stemmed from the Olympics. Hope London can cope.

 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worl...l-so-hard.html 
 
 
Rational.. maybe not. But what would you do if they slashed pensions, minimum wage and public services. Then you lose your job and have no hope of getting a new one. These people have no future to look forward to, only more hardship.
 
 
where are the 300 spartans!? to take on the whole of rome!
 
 
It's illogical at this stage as the damage has already been done. They need the bailout for the greater good of everyone in Europe. Rioting isn't going to change this because every political party and logical response to the rioting would be ignore the protest because we need the bailout. It's just violence for nothing at the moment. It does show the outrage and fury that Greeces people had, but there's no alternative so what does it really achieve?

They had their cake, they ate it and then they ate the future generations cake. It's no individuals fault entirely, but they'll/we'll all have to suffer for it.
 
 
 
Forgvie my ignorance, but why did Greece go bust?

 

All started in 2002 when Greece started using the Euro. They just saw it as one big credit card with no payments until the late future. They spent it on stuff like the Olympics, new transportation and even rubbish like Eurovision which all adds up. The whole no payments until the late future fell through in 2008 with the recession and Greece had to pay it all back...it couldn't and in the mess it is now.

Then went looking to get some of that money back but then the pure corruption started to come through. In Greece like other countries you get taxed on your income but in those countries they actually check up to see if the figures you give are right. In Greece they don't so you had people with an income of £100,000 but only saying they earned £10,000 and avoided paying quite a lot of tax. Also when groups such as the IMF and ECB went to Greece to give their annual finance figures they basically...lied so they just kept giving money to Greece which it couldn't pay back.

The people of Greece have also been to blame. Having a retirement age in the early 50's and getting financial benefits from the Government for basically being married and other stupid stuff. The Athens Metro had so many billions spent on it but then they never bothered to put any ticket barriers at any station, more an honesty touch in touch out which no one bothered to do. I think the last figures said the train companies in Greece made €90 million but then spent €500 million in that same year.
 
 
 
All started in 2002 when Greece started using the Euro. They just saw it as one big credit card with no payments until the late future. They spent it on stuff like the Olympics, new transportation and even rubbish like Eurovision which all adds up. The whole no payments until the late future fell through in 2008 with the recession and Greece had to pay it all back...it couldn't and in the mess it is now.

 

 

What let them to believe that they don't have to pay it back?

 
Then went looking to get some of that money back but then the pure corruption started to come through. In Greece like other countries you get taxed on your income but in those countries they actually check up to see if the figures you give are right. In Greece they don't so you had people with an income of £100,000 but only saying they earned £10,000 and avoided paying quite a lot of tax. Also when groups such as the IMF and ECB went to Greece to give their annual finance figures they basically...lied so they just kept giving money to Greece which it couldn't pay back.
 

Corruption... =/

 
The people of Greece have also been to blame. Having a retirement age in the early 50's and getting financial benefits from the Government for basically being married and other stupid stuff. The Athens Metro had so many billions spent on it but then they never bothered to put any ticket barriers at any station, more an honesty touch in touch out which no one bothered to do. I think the last figures said the train companies in Greece made €90 million but then spent €500 million in that same year.
 

Owh, dear. I can't believe all of these could lead to the bankruptcy of a country  

Many thanks for the info mate   I have some friends from Greece, and they are lovely people  
 
 
The EU has completely ****ed Greece over.

They have every right to be rioting, their lives are being ripped apart.
 
 
 
The minimum wage is now the lowest in Europe.

 

Why state things that just aren't true?

 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of...y_minimum_wage 
 
 
By agreeing to these deals the Greek government are just prolonging their agony. They should default and start building up their country again now.
 
 
We should have defaulted 2 years ago, but it's never too late. I would give anything to see the entire rotten structure fall down. We are being f*** by the bankers and their cronnies. If we fall, your @sses are next, so we should all fight together now  

Just to clarify something about the riots. There are three types of rioters:
1. Undercover police, dressed as rioters, are the ones who start the violence, every time there is a big demonstration.
2. Angry teenagers with no future, who participate in the violence, after it has been started by group 1.
3. Legit demonstrators (the huge majority), who gather at Syntagma Square to protests peacefully.
 
 
A mixture I would say. A better question would be to ask if the 80% of Greek people who support the Euro are rational.

Defaulting and quitting the Euro is likely to happen and it would have been better if it had already happened. It will be tough, but I think the Greek economy would improve more quickly than otherwise. Some European banks would, of course, suffer, but many would pull through without too many problems.

Greeks work amongst the longest hours in Europe, according to official figures, but they are not competititve because they cannot control their currency.

It looks like the markets believe that contagion is not now likely because the Greek situation is so much worse than the other PIIGS.
 
 
Absolutely. They're being starved and exploited to pay the rich, and their so-called democracy consists of corrupt bureaucrats wanting to go along with it (fully in the knowledge that they won't be harmed, of course).
 
 
of course they have a right to riot theyve lost there jobs their public services are being cut with a chain saw and theres incidence of people starving
and you said theyve had a lavish pension post in recent years... not much consolation if they werent old enough to claim it and theyre watching it dissapere.
 
 
