 
 
favourite team
 
 
what is your favourite team?
why?
 
 
did u have a particular sport in mind, safinaz?

i follow NY & bahstin teams in all major sports bcos i grew up in NY, but now reside in bahstin...
 
 
In order:

Baseball: New York Yankees

As for the reason, I don't know that I need a reason I just love them all even in their lean years they have been a top notch team and I would never turn my back on them.

Hockey: New York Rangers
Because they are my favorite guys out on the ice.

Football: Possible toss up between the Chicago Bears and the Pittsburgh Steelers. Both teams have proven themselves to be superb over the years.

Basketball: Don't have much use for it.
 
 
AllBlacks - Rugby
Silver Ferns - Netball

cause I can :wink:
 
 
What's netball?

Favourite

baseball: Toronto Blue Jays

basketball: Phoenix Suns,
San Antonio Spurs,
Toronto Raptors (I follow their games)

football:
CFL: BC Lions,
NFL: New England Patriots

hockey: Vancouver Canucks,
Ottawa Senators,
Columbus Blue Jackets

soccer: Chelsea ($$$),
Liverpool,
AC Milan
 
 
kinda like basketball but mostly played by women and the ball gets passed to each other not bounced around.
 
 
About the only pro ball sport I follow is NFL football. My favorite NFL team is whichever one is playing the Minnesota Vikings that week.
 
 
Baseball: Always and forever a San Francisco Giants fan. As a kid, I would spend many a summer at the formerly named Candlestick Park watching Willie Mays, Willie McCovey, Juan Marachal and Bobby Bonds.

Football: Denver Broncos. I haven't a clue as to why, but I was watching them long before the John Elway days.
 
 
Chicago Cubs are my overall favorite team. I began watching Cubs games on WGN when I was about 6 or 7 and Sammy Sosa seemed to be the greatest guy in the world. Always smiling, and running out to right field, blowing kisses to his mother, donating funds to help his Dominican nation. But sadly, I was an ignorant kid. I met Sosa, and he was a douche, but I forgot about it and still admired him, then news broke that he was a cheater...Well that was something I could in time forgive, but never forget. I called for the swift trade of him, and a few months later he was gone. But what of The Cubs you ask? Well, they now have idols the likes of All American Star Derrek Lee, Mark Prior, and Kerry Wood. They are well enough in the post Sosa years.

I'm also a fan of The Sanfransico 49ers, and that is as simple as Young to Rice. No draw backs, Steve Young is a great guy, and so is Jerry Rice. So I'm just being patient with them now, but I can't say I'm not excited to have another brainy, speedy quarterback out of Utah.
 
 
Boston Red Sox. I was born and raised in Southern New England and there was no other team. They're a bunch of "dirt dogs" and misfits. And they know how to have a good time! :-D
 
 
 
kinda like basketball but mostly played by women and the ball gets passed to each other not bounced around.
 

Oh, that's pretty cool.
 
 
Football: Panathinaikos & National team of Greece
Basketball: Panathinaikos & National team of Greece
Volleyball: Panathinaikos & National team of Greece
Water Polo: Panathinaikos & National team of Greece

 
 
 
well, there are several categories  
Of course, in all sports I support Croatian National Team.

Besides that (first team mentioned is team I support on national level, and other one is team I support if first team is not adequate and is out of european competitions too soon):

Football: Dinamo Zagreb / Arsenal/Monaco

Basketball: Cibona Zagreb

Waterpolo: Mladost Zagreb

Team Handball: HRK Karlovac / Badel Zagreb

Volleyball: Karlovac

Baseball: Kelteks Karlovac / Cleveland Indians

Hockey: Medvescak Zagreb / Ottawa Senators

No favourites in american football
 
 
 
well, there are several categories  
Of course, in all sports I support Croatian National Team.

Besides that (first team mentioned is team I support on national level, and other one is team I support if first team is not adequate and is out of european competitions too soon):

Football: Dinamo Zagreb / Arsenal/Monaco

Basketball: Cibona Zagreb

Waterpolo: Mladost Zagreb

Team Handball: HRK Karlovac / Badel Zagreb

Volleyball: Karlovac

Baseball: Kelteks Karlovac / Cleveland Indians

Hockey: Medvescak Zagreb / Ottawa Senators

No favourites in american football
 

How is Silvio Maric?  
 
 
Long list:

Let's start with football (soccer)

First of all: PUMAS  http://www.able2know.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=40817&highlight= 

also:
Osasuna (Spain), as most Mexicans do. Strongly prefer Barcelona over Real Madrid.
Milan (Serie A Italy)
Modena (Serie B Italy)

Let's move to baseball (allegiance may change in MLB, Yankee hatred remains forever):

Washington Nationals (National League: bought my cap not long ago)
Baltimore Orioles (American League: dissapointed after a good start).
Tigres (Mexican summer league: diehard fan until they moved to Puebla, feel like a betrayed lover, but can't stop liking them)
Tomateros de Culiacán (Mexican winter league)
Tubingen 2 (Birksliga, Baden-Wurttenberg: can't help it; my son plays there)

Now American football:

Green Bay Packers (NFL; come rain, come blizzards, come Brett Favre's old age: I was a Packer fan even when David Whitehurst was QB)
Pumas CU (ONEFA; Mexican college league)
(Don't give a damn about US College football)

Basketball:

Chicago Bulls (NBA)

Hockey:

St. Louis Blues (NHL) -but I hardly follow-
 
 
Oh, and even if I don't follow, when I see some sports classifications, there are teams I like to win because of their name:

Soccer:
Argentina: Gimnasia y Esgrima (a football team named "Gimnastics and Fencing"... great)

Brazil: Corinthians (a team named after a book of the bible!)

Uruguay: Danubio (I mean, it's a river in Mitteleuropa, isn't it)

Chile: Audax Italiano

Bolivia: The Strongest (a Bolivian! team with that name? You just gotta love them)

Peru: Sporting Cristal (not unbreakable, but poetic)

England: Nottingham Forest (makes me think of Robin Hood)
 
 
 
How is Silvio Maric?  
 

drunk, as always :wink:
and how are Galinovic, Biscan and third croatian guy in Panathinaikos?  
From what I hear, Biscan sucks as usually, and Galinovic is great.
 
 
 
 
How is Silvio Maric?  
 

drunk, as always :wink:
and how are Galinovic, Biscan and third croatian guy in Panathinaikos?  
From what I hear, Biscan sucks as usually, and Galinovic is great.
 

What you hear is right. Galinovic is great, Seric is improving but Biscan is a dissapointment. As for Andric he is not in the first 11 usually. (We have 4 Croats   )
 
 
well, as I am getting older (I am terribly old 30 now lol) I am losing touch with all those transfers  
I was thinking about Andric (and couldn't think of his surname) and completely forgot about Seric.
Seric is quite a good player actually, and I always disliked Biscan - he will play one game on absolutely unbeliavable level, like best players in the world of all times, but then he will, without any doubt, play 10 games really terribly.
 
 
Atlanta Braves is my overall favorite team since baseball is the only sport I watch. I wonder if the Braves will win it again this year if they make or made the right moves.
 
 
I love hockey! My team is Toronto Maple Leafs. If you can't tell I live in Canada so we basically only follow hockey but I like the San Diego Chargers in American Football
 
 
The Brazilian Female All-In-Wrestling Tag Team, if it existed, would definitely be my favourite team.

Their Beach Volleyball competitors aren't bad either.
 
 
