 
 
Need help finding a female fancy dress costume - theme is musicals!
 
 
OK guys, so I need your help.

I'm about 5ft 4, blonde, size 14-16.

I'm going to a party on Saturday where the theme is Musicals.

I need inspiration! I want to be a bit different from all the people coming from musicals like Grease/Moulin Rouge etc.

However, any ideas are much appreciated as time is short!

(p.s I definitely don't want to be a nun from The Sound of Music   )
 
 
chicago chicago chicago chicago chicago chicago chicago

or Wicked?

 
 
 
Hmm...you could dress 60s and be a character from Hairspray?
Or...you could somehow get hold of a flapper-stylee dress, and be from Chicago?
Or you could take inspiration from your sig and dress as someone from Mamma Mia  
 
 
Sounds REAAAAALLY cliche, but Marilyn Monroe  .
 
 
Go as one of the Pink Ladies out of Grease!
Spoiler:

 

Or as Sandy!
Spoiler:

 
 
 
 
Originally Posted by Acaila
I dreamed a dream

 

Go.
 
 
 
Originally Posted by dollydaydream
OK guys, so I need your help.

I'm about 5ft 4, blonde, size 14-16.

I'm going to a party on Saturday where the theme is Musicals.

I need inspiration! I want to be a bit different from all the people coming from musicals like Grease/Moulin Rouge etc.

However, any ideas are much appreciated as time is short!

(p.s I definitely don't want to be a nun from The Sound of Music   )

 

Go as Barbarella!

And check this link out...  http://www.quizilla.com/quizzes/6495...-you-most-like 

TSR is great for fancy dress idea I've got one next week! Theme is 7 deadly sins, I'm going as a lustful cupid!
 
 
My first suggestion was going to be The Sound of Music!

There is always High School Musical, you could just wear something red and white.

Mary Poppins, you could get one of those umbrellas with a bird on the end (I always wanted one of those!) or a chimney sweep.

In Guys and Dolls one of the characters wears a corset with a cat mask and tail.

My fair Lady - you could be a before or an after Eliza.

Or get some dungarees and be Donna from Mamma Mia.

In Grease 2 they dressed up as seasons!
 
 
Trying to stick to better known shows

Go as someone from Cats
Roller skates and stuff from Starlight Express
Elle from Legally Blonde
Glinda from Wicked
Eponine from Les Mis
Mary Poppins
A hippie from Hair
Nancy from Oliver
80s style dance gear would do for A Chorus Line or Fame
One of the rock chick Bohemian girls from We Will Rock You
You could do some sort of old West type costume for Calamity Jane/Annie Get Your Gun/Oklahoma
Anyone from Rocky Horror probably
 
 
Chicago  

 http://bensbreakfastblog.files.wordp...02/chicago.jpg 

If you are feeling daring:

 http://farm1.static.flickr.com/50/10...1f4479e0_o.jpg 

 http://img.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/200...11_468x498.jpg 
 
 
nun costume ? Maria from the sound of music

victorian prim dress - Eliza Doolittle from my fair lady

victorian tarty dress Nancy or Bet from oliver

WW II US naval officer uniform or nurses uniform - Ensign Nellie Forbush from South Pacific ( bring some shampoo to 'wash that man right out of my hair)
 
 
