 
 
Clues your campaign is in deep dookiestix.
 
 
Feel free to add on, he needs all the help he can get. Did you know he was in Vietnam?

1. If the LA Times have you and your opponent neck and neck, your campaign is in trouble.

2. If your daughter gets boo'd at an MTV Music Awards show, you could be in trouble.

3. If New Jersey is considered a swing state, you are definitely in trouble.

4. If you have to go back to Vietnam for a record you are proud of, then you are in trouble.

5. If even that record is disputed, then... yikes!, you are in trouble.

6. If your best supporters are Communists, Atheists, & Potheads, then you could be in trouble.

7. If when you flip flop in your speeches it doesn't matter because pretty much everyone is asleep, you could be in serious trouble.

8. If the president's keynote speaker @ his convention is a Democrat, then you could be in trouble.

9. If "shove it" is the best soundbite to come out of your campaign, it's in trouble.

10. If you've found an outfit that makes Dukakis' tank helmet look dashing, your campaign is in trouble.

11. If the members of the DU refer to you as "dumb-ass that we can control"... you could be in trouble.

12. If your "side" has spent tens of millions of dollars on negative campaign ads but you get blindsided by a $500,000 ad airing in three states that doesn't even have anything to do with the other "side".

13. If the most serious issue your DNC chairman can find is "Purple Heart Band-Aids", you KNOW you are in trouble!

14. If 57 different varieties can't spice you up, your campaign is in trouble.
 
 
15. If the delegates at your own convention think your twin daughters' speech is impolite and inappropriate, you're in trouble.
 
 
Amusing but rather irrelevant. AND Zell is hardly a Democrat. Although I'll admit the brilliance of parading him around in a sequined poodle collar.
 
 
Brand-- I have to say--some of those were really funny, and as I was laughing I thought--Good God! Its crazy, cause this stuff is true! Is it funny, or is it horrible for American Politics??!

Specially liked #10, #9, #3.

(His daughter was booed at the MTV Music Awards? Fill in? Did anyone say why they booed?)
 
 
 
(His daughter was booed at the MTV Music Awards? Fill in? Did anyone say why they booed?)
 

Maybe they sent the ugly one. :wink:
 
 
Yeah, I liked those three too. Did you write that X?...cause if you did, the respect-o-meter just swung wildly.
 
 
 
15. If the delegates at your own convention think your twin daughters' speech is impolite and inappropriate, you're in trouble.
 

That was a goofy useless display.
 
 
Brand--

Send them in to Leno.
 
 
 
Yeah, I liked those three too. Did you write that X?...cause if you did, the respect-o-meter just swung wildly.
 

A co-worker and I...so do I get a little meter boost? :wink:
 
 
Fer sure. :wink:
 
 
If more people associate you with ketchup than politics, then you could be in trouble.

If people keep thinking your depressed because of the long face, then you could be in trouble.

(Brand, priceless...)
 
 
Sofia - yes, both Kerry's daughters were booed at the MTV thingy. One was trying to speak and the other was shusshing the audience (or trying to), but they just booed louder when they saw that.

I felt sorry for them. Maybe not many there supporting their dad? Who knows.
 
 
Brand - most excellent! (And McG's too!) They're all great, but #7 actually made me laugh out loud!  
 
 
15. You recieve marching orders from Bill Clinton by phone and everyone finds out about it, you get furious about the leak and everybody finds out about that too.

16. You start quoting Howard Dean.

17. You admit on camera that Iraq is part of the war on terror and most of your would be voters disagree. Kerry: "Today marks a tragic milestone in the war in Iraq. More than one thousand of America's sons and daughters have now given their lives on behalf of their country, on behalf of freedom in the war on terror. And I think that the first thing that every American wants to say today is how deeply we each feel the loss."
 
 
If the most macho photo op you have is of you windsurfing off the coast of connecticut, you could be in trouble.
 
 
If you had to pay extra to Harris and Gallup etcetera to make the polls look better it could be indicitave of desperation and the lack of a rhetorical defense.
 
 
If you were quoting Howard Dean it could be because Howard had some astute observations to share and that the fact Kerry embraces those views will bring Dean and Kerry supporters to the polls in unprecedented numbers.

Some people say intelligence is an aphrodisiac.

I'd settle for seeing it as a mechanism for bringing out votes for Kerry and Edwards.

The Republicans wish they were running against Howard. But then the discussion would be about what happened to Charlie Dean and not about Swifties and their allegations and motivations.
 
 
