 
  eng-NG-31-106361-8894557  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-10-14T13:20:00  
 
 
State orders McLean Hospital to investigate Dr. Jack Gorman
 
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-14T13:20:00  
AWAITING The New York Times to report ...

At Belmont's McLean Hospital, a doctor's secret led to a quest for
answers
Source: Boston Globe | Date: Oct 14, 2007 | By: Scott Allen

...morning in April 2006, Dr. Jack M. Gorman, new president of McLean
Hospital in...at his New York City home revealed that Gorman was in a
hospital intensive care unit...days, officials at McLean learned that
Gorman had, like so many patients at the renowned...

http://www.boston.com/news/local/articles/2007/10/14/a_doctors_downfa... ...

State orders McLean Hospital to investigate Dr. Jack Gorman, its
former president
Source: Boston Globe | Date: Oct 11, 2007 | By: Scott Allen

...whether its former president, Dr. Jack M. Gorman, sexually abused
any patients at the...contact" with an unidentified patient. Gorman
resigned abruptly from the Harvard-affiliated...were "personal and
medical reasons." Gorman later admitted to New York medical
regulators...
http://www.boston.com/news/local/articles/2007/10/11/mclean_told_to_i... ...
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-14T13:21:00  
Resigned "from guilt," they say, or lawsuit?
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-14T13:40:00  
Jack M. Gorman, M.D., who recently admitted to having SEX WITH A
PATIENT, professor of Psychiatry at Columbia University and deputy
director of the New York State Psychiatric Instutite, is the author of
the bestselling The Essential Guide to Psychiatric Drugs. He lives in
New York City and lectures frequently throughout the country.

http://astore.amazon.com/wingofmadnessade/detail/0312187157
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-14T13:58:00  
http://www.nypost.com/seven/10122007/news/regionalnews/shrink_rapped_...

http://www.eyewitnessnewstv.com/Global/story.asp?S=7193909&nav;=F2DO

http://www.thecrimson.com/article.aspx?ref=520022

6 months, and he's back?
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-14T16:12:00  
A doctor's downfall, McLean's fallout
Sex secret kept quiet for a year
By Scott Allen, Globe Staff  |  October 14, 2007

One Monday morning in April 2006, Dr. Jack M. Gorman, new president of
McLean Hospital in Belmont, simply stopped showing up for work.

For days, increasingly worried hospital officials didn't know what had
become of their leader until, finally, a family member answering a
call at his New York City home revealed that Gorman was in a hospital
intensive care unit being treated for an ailment that the person
wouldn't reveal.

So began the spectacular downfall of a highly respected psychiatrist
who had arrived at the Harvard-affiliated hospital just a few months
earlier to take on one of the most influential jobs in mental health
care.

Over the next few days, officials at McLean learned that Gorman had,
like so many patients at the renowned psychiatric hospital, attempted
suicide. But their initial sympathy for a sick man turned to horror
when they learned, from a legal document delivered in mid-May, why he
had taken such a desperate measure. The married father of two had
brought a shameful secret with him to Massachusetts: He had engaged in
a long-term sexual relationship with a New York patient.

Any romantic involvement with a patient is strictly forbidden in
psychiatry, and Gorman's entanglement would drive him to self-
destruction, resignation, and disgrace - finally spattering McLean's
reputation as well when it became public last week.

For more than 16 months, both sides kept the whole episode quiet,
saying only that Gorman had left McLean in May 2006 for undisclosed
"personal and medical reasons." In reality, Gorman stopped coming to
work because he had overdosed on antidepressant pills after his
patient, distraught over Gorman's move to Massachusetts, hired a
lawyer and threatened to expose their relationship, according to
people directly involved in the case. Though the pills hadn't killed
him, Gorman needed weeks in the hospital to recuperate.

Now, McLean Hospital is publicly facing the fall-out from one of the
more tawdry chapters in its nearly 200-year history. Last week,
Partners HealthCare, the parent company of McLean, conducted a review
of Gorman's brief tenure to reassure state regulators that he had not
sexually abused patients there.

Gorman didn't treat any individual patients at McLean, concluded
Partners chief operating officer Thomas P. Glynn, both because he was
too busy as president and because he only obtained a license to treat
Massachusetts patients a few days before he departed. Glynn said last
week's review and an internal investigation last year did not turn up
new allegations against him. In addition, he said that McLean notified
Massachusetts medical regulators about the sexual misconduct within
days of Gorman's departure.

On Friday, hospital officials stressed in a letter to staff and
patients that the hospital did nothing wrong in its handling of
Gorman's problems and that the only apparent victim was the patient, a
woman who was also a colleague of Gorman when he was in New York.

"We appreciate that this may be surprising and disturbing information
for many of you," wrote McLean's chairwoman of the board, Kathleen F.
Feldstein, and new president, Scott L. Rauch. "Our hope is that we can
continue to focus on the important work of caring for our patients,
training mental health professionals and advancing scientific
knowledge, as we have always done."

But the leaders of McLean and Partners face lingering questions from
the many people connected to McLean who feel betrayed by their former
chief executive: How could they have hired the doctor in the first
place? And why didn't they speak up earlier about Gorman's misconduct?

Gorman, 55, inspired great hope when McLean and Partners announced
that they had lured him away from New York City's Mount Sinai School
of Medicine in October 2005. After a two-year search for someone to
take on the newly created job of top psychiatrist for all of Partners
HealthCare, they had landed a highly respected authority on anxiety
disorders, depression, and schizophrenia who had won numerous awards
for his research. He was also a seasoned administrator and the author
of books on psychiatry for a general audience, making him a seemingly
ideal candidate to be the face of both McLean and of Harvard
University psychiatry.

Almost immediately, Gorman struggled to adjust to his new life. His
wife and daughters didn't relocate with him, resulting in lots of
travel back and forth to New York at a time when he was trying to
understand the vast research and treatment program he was now running.
At the same time, bureaucratic delays kept Gorman from obtaining his
medical license in Massachusetts until April 5, 2006, meaning he could
not legally prescribe medications for patients at McLean during the
first few months of his tenure.

Still, people said they were impressed by Gorman's intellect and sense
of purpose in his new position. As one staff member put it, "He just
radiated hope."

As a result, when Gorman did not report for work on Monday, April 24,
2006, his staff did not automatically assume something was amiss.
However, Glynn said worries began to mount when staff members called
Gorman's home and did not get a clear explanation of his whereabouts.
"Finally, I think it was maybe at the beginning of May when we were
finally told by someone that he was in the hospital for personal and
health issues," said Glynn.

Over the next few days, McLean and Partners officials learned that
Gorman had attempted suicide and that he was in the hospital for
serious gastrointestinal problems. A person close to Gorman said he
had taken numerous tricyclic antidepressants, 1950s vintage drugs
still widely used in the Prozac era that are known to be poisonous at
high doses.

The fact that their new chief executive had attempted to kill himself
raised serious doubts about whether he could continue, Glynn said, but
as late as May 16, 2006, the hospital was still treating Gorman as a
sick man deserving of sympathy. At a fund-raiser on that day, McLean
chairwoman Feldstein urged the audience to send Gorman their best
wishes for a speedy recovery so that he could return to McLean.

But immediately after that event, Partners officials said, they
received a legal document outlining Gorman's relationship with the
woman dating to 2003. The document said that the woman had been both a
patient and a colleague, traveling to conferences with Gorman while
also getting psychiatric care from him. The relationship had soured
after he accepted the McLean job, and she had hired a Boston lawyer to
file a possible lawsuit.

Suddenly, the suicide attempt made sense and, Glynn said, it was clear
that Gorman had to leave immediately.

"We needed to take action to put McLean and Partners psychiatry on a
safe footing again. That entailed accepting Dr. Gorman's letter of
resignation," said Glynn,, noting that Gorman's job also put him in
charge of psychiatry at the other Harvard-affiliated hospitals in the
Partners system, including Massachusetts General Hospital.

But Gorman contends that, by May 18, he had already sent a letter of
resignation to McLean in which he deliberately avoided disclosing his
inappropriate relationship or suicide attempt in order to protect the
hospital's reputation.

"One of Dr. Gorman's primary motivations in doing so was to protect
and spare McLean any embarrassment because he was extremely grateful,
and remains so, for the extraordinary opportunity which they had
entrusted to him," said Lou Colasuonno, a communications consultant
representing Gorman. However, when the hospital was reluctant to let
Gorman step down, he reluctantly told them about the "underlying
issue" for his departure, Colasuonno said.

Colasuonno also said that, since Gorman's resignation, he has tried to
atone for his mistakes, even reporting himself to medical regulators
in New York for punishment. In a statement last week, Gorman said that
he "voluntarily acknowledged any mistakes" and "paid a huge personal
price" as a result.

It was Gorman's decision to contact the New York Board of Professional
Medical Conduct that finally brought the episode to public attention.
Earlier this month, the board finally acted on what Gorman told them,
posting on its website that his medical license had been indefinitely
suspended for "inappropriate sexual contact" with a patient.

Looking back, Glynn said the presidential search committee talked
extensively with Gorman's colleagues, friends, and associates at Mount
Sinai, but no one suggested that he was engaged in unethical conduct.
If there had been a problem, Glynn said, the hospital had two other
finalists they could have selected instead. He said Partners brought
in an outside law firm after Gorman's departure to review the
candidate selection methods for any potential flaws; the firm found
none.

"In this day and age, you have to make the extra effort to look at
every nook and cranny of a major appointment before you proceed," said
Glynn. "But, even with that level of diligence, it doesn't mean you
won't get a surprise."

Janet Wohlberg of Williamstown, who runs an Internet-based help line
called the Therapy Exploitation Link Line, said she's not surprised
that any rumors about Gorman's inappropriate relationship did not
surface during the presidential search.

"People don't really want to believe these things about their
colleagues," Wohlberg said, and, even if people suspect misconduct,
they're unlikely to say anything to a potential employer without
proof. "I think the fault lies squarely with the perpetrator," said
Wohlberg.

For his part, Gorman has apologized for past misconduct, but he is
already rebuilding his career. He lists himself as an adjunct
professor at Mount Sinai on publicity materials related to a newly
revised version of his book, "The Essential Guide to Psychiatric
Drugs," which hit bookstores in the last few weeks.
...
read more »
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-18T10:15:00  
I'm thinking his "communications consultant" earns a good salary.
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-18T10:17:00  
"I'm wondering if -- when the relationship 'turned sour' he told her
she was 'mentally unstable.'"
~ Folly
 
 
  Twittering One <mournenwo...@aol.com>  
  2007-10-18T12:00:00  
Dear Dr Gorman ~
Perhaps with a little spare time on your hands
You might do some volunteer work f
Fr the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention ...

www.afsp.org

Your Communication Consultant might approve.

Meanwhile, we are trying to get our AD[Hi!]D medication
Properly returned to us

So that we do not have a stroke or heart attack

 

& self-medication with nicotine gum."
~ Twittering LSTOO & Folly IAG
 
 
 
 
