 
  eng-NG-31-108608-8123407  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-08-16T00:20:00  
 
 
RESOLUT Duplicates Supernova Conditions
 
 
 
  rick_so...@hotmail.com  
  2007-08-16T00:20:00  
Submitted by News on 14 August 2007 - 1:59pm.  Physics
For the past few months, members of the department of physics at
Florida State University have begun using a groundbreaking new
research facility to conduct experiments that may help provide answers
to just such questions.

RESOLUT -- short for "REsonator SOLenoid with Upscale Transmission" --
is the name of the facility, which is located within the John D. Fox
Superconducting Accelerator Laboratory on the FSU campus. Over the
past few months, FSU researchers have begun using RESOLUT to create
very rare, extremely short-lived radioactive particles similar to
those that form inside exploding stars -- and then using the
analytical data produced in the experiments as the basis for
hypotheses about the behavior of matter and the physical properties
governing the universe.

http://www.scientificblogging.com/physics

"expanding at an ever increasing rate"

Well gravity is a product of acceleration, not uniform motion, just as
you feel accelerated mass, not uniform motion.
But the expansion of the universe that we see and detect, like the
expansion of our own planet, is just a secondary effect.
The real accelerated expansion, is into the void, where nothing
exists, and hence you can expand into that space forever, at any rate
of speed or acceleration and it won't make any difference because
there is nothing there but room for expansion.

But is it a constant rate of acceleration?
Well it must be because G does not vary. At least not noticeably. It
may in time due to the secondary expansion, the expansion between
objects in space-time or maybe due to the tensile strength of the
quantum foam bubbles.
It might slow down because of less elasticity, or it may speed up
because of less resistance to expansion.
But for all intents and purposes, it is a stable rate of acceleration,
with the dark energy waves that balance out the system, just a bit
stronger, than the expansion itself, which means the universe is open.
At least that is what the most recent data shows.
Things are moving apart in space-time, a bit.
And I don't know, if we have the proper rate for that yet.
If it is related to the amount the earth has expanded in the last 180
million years,
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJfBSc6e7QQ
or if it is related to the distance the moon is moving away from the
earth.
The semi-major axis of the lunar orbit is increasing by 3.8
centimeters/year
 
 
  rick_so...@hotmail.com  
  2007-08-16T00:34:00  
On Aug 16, 5:20 am, rick_so ... @hotmail.com wrote:

 

My intuition tells me, that since the moon is tidally locked, and in
all probability sitting in a trough, of dark energy emitted by the
earth rather than a crest. (huge spherical waves of dark energy like
expanding rings heading out from the earth and the moon is trapped in
one of those rings) so that the ring is getting farther from the
earth, by the amount we measure the orbit is changing.
So that might mean that the waves are getting stronger, or, the
resistance of the foam getting weaker, (the permeability/permitivity
of free space) but since we haven't noticed these things changing,
then it is probably all relative and all relatively stable. Unless we
just haven't checked closely enough to make a proper assessment.
 
 
 
 
