 
  eng-NG-31-126273-9129914  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-11-04T22:33:00  
 
 
The NWO Files - COMMUNISTS FIGHT AMONG THEMSELVES
 
 
 
  shuttupbath...@canada.com (Allen)  
  2007-11-04T22:33:00  
[Illuminati, Freemason, Lucifer, satan, 666, NWO, Skull and Bones]

Subject: COMMUNISTS FIGHT AMONG THEMSELVES
Title: The New World Order Files
Author: David Allen Rivera

At the meeting of the 22nd Party Congress in the fall of 1961, the
rivalry between Russia and China came out in the open. It centered
around two issues: the place of Stalin in communist history, and
relations with the country of Albania. Khrushchev (1894-1971), the
Soviet premier from 1958-64, made verbal attacks on Stalin constantly,
and even had his body removed from the mausoleum on Red Square. Mao
Tse-tung, and the Chinese Communists went out of their way to proclaim
their loyalty to the dead leader. When Enver Hoxha, the Communist ruler
of Albania refused to follow Khrushchev's lead in condemning Stalin,
Russia canceled all economic and technical aid, and recalled all Soviet
personnel. China then sent in their own advisors, praising Albania for
their stand.

China was upset because Russia failed to support them during a recent
military action, and were suspicious of Khrushchev's policy of "peaceful
coexistence" with the United States. Since 1961, world communists have
split into either pro-Soviet or pro-China factions. China began
advocating Maoism, rather than Marxist-Leninism.

Stalin had said: "The object of Soviet Communism is victory of
Communism throughout the world...by peace or war." Russia boasted, that
within a generation, the whole world would be communist. Meanwhile,
China also insisted that war was inevitable. Chou/ /En-lai, the Chinese
premier from 1949-76, said publicly: "The white race constitutes about
one-tenth of the world's population. Let us completely annihilate the
White man. Then we shall be free of him once and for all."

Because China had their own thoughts of world domination, a major rift
developed between the two communist giants. China became angry over
Russia's refusal to give them nuclear weapons, so after 14 years, Russia
ceased all aid to China.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Any attempt to engineer war against Iran is looking more and more
like Nuremberg material.

See: http://deoxy.org/wc/wc-nurem.htm

War crimes:

Violations of the laws or customs of war which include, but are not
limited to, murder, ill-treatment or deportation to slave-labor or for
any other purpose of civilian population of or in occupied territory,
murder or illtreatment of prisoners of war, of persons on the seas,
killing of hostages, plunder of public or private property, wanton
destruction of cities, towns, or villages, or devastation not justified
by military necessity.
 
 
 
 
