 
  eng-NG-31-142606-10065531  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-09-04T07:13:00  
 
 
Info from the IPI
 
 
 
  Jeremy <j...@btinternet.com>  
  2007-09-04T07:13:00  
The Intellectual Property Institute (IPI), London, is holding a seminar
in a fortnight which will be hosted by Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy
LLP in its rather lovely premises.Right: refreshments will be provided
- but opportunities for ambushing will be kept to a minimumThe topic
is "Look out! It's am ambush!" and the speaker is Phillip Johnson, a
barrister at 7 New Square (but not yet on its website) and,
coincidentally, book review editor for the Journal of Intellectual
Property Law and Practice (JIPLP).According to the blurb,"Major
sporting events such as the World Cup and the Olympics originally
allowed anyone to provide some form of sponsorship to share the
marketing benefits of the association. In 1984 this all changed with
the introduction of exclusive sponsorship deals for the Los Angeles
Games. For the first time major brands were kept out by the event
organizers, but those brands found ways of retaining the marketing
benefits without paying for sponsorship. Ambush marketing was born.As
the sums of money paid by the sponsors increased over time, the event
organizers began pushing host countries to provide them with
quasi-property protection to enhance and retain sponsorship funds. As
each major event passes it appears the protection granted by the host
country is being ratcheted upwards. This talk will look at the
development of sui generis protection for events (and sponsors) around
the world, showing how the ambusher has become the ambushed".Full
details of the seminar - and the speaker - are available here.The IPI
has also just published a new tract, Address for Service Requirements
and Restrictions on the Provision of Services by Patent Agents in the
EU.Left: patent attorneys continue to make great efforts to improve
their service ...This is a report by Oxford scholar Daniel Burkitt on a
subject that may have passed most people by. The story goes like
this:"Recently the European Commission filed a trade mark application
in the UK. They objected to being required by the UK Patent Office to
provide an address for service within the United Kingdom. The UK Patent
Rules 1995 have now been amended to allow patent applicants to file an
address for service anywhere in the EU, although a UK address will be
required in respect of contested proceedings unless the comptroller
directs otherwise.TMPDF believes that local 'address for service' and
related requirements add to applicants' costs, and inhibit the
development of new types of operation relating to the obtaining of
patents, registered trade marks and registered designs.TMPDF has
therefore commissioned this report, from the IP Institute, on
local 'address for service' and related requirements for obtaining
patents in EU States other than the United Kingdom. In this
connection, 'related requirements' refers principally to restrictions
on persons who can act as agents. Requirements to provide translations
into local languages are not dealt with in this report.The report
concentrates on patents because (a) patents are more expensive to
obtain than trade mark or design registrations; (b) covering trade
marks and designs would multiply the issues; and (c) the EU trade mark
and design systems already afford companies a practical way of avoiding
the national systems, but there is as yet no EU patent system. The
report concentrates on countries in which patenting activity is
significant".Well, there you are. The cost of this little report (just
28 pages, starting effectively on page 3) is £25 plus the cost of
postage and packaging. It's in the IPI's usual A4 paperback format and
its ISBN is 1 874001 93 6. You can get details of this and all the
IPI's other publications here.

--
Posted By Jeremy to IPKat - IP news and fun for everyone on 9/04/2007
12:13:00 PM
 
 
 
 
