 
  eng-NG-31-127396-12066079  
  USENET TEXT  
  2009-07-11T02:48:14  
 
 
Pakistan: Meet the man; Afghanistan: Led by donkeys; Obama to visit India; Surprises Russia
 
 
 
  WhizNews <whizn...@gmail.com>  
  2009-07-11T02:48:14  
*Commander of the Faithful*

Meet the man who is Islamabad and Washington's new Public Enemy No. 1.
BY IMTIAZ ALI | JULY 9,
2009< http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2009/07/09/pakistans_bin_laden >

In May of last year, a convoy of journalists made its way from Peshawar up
into the remote reaches of South Waziristan. They were responding to an
invitation from the diminutive, diabetic, and hypertensive commander of
Tehrik-e-Taliban* *Pakistan, the Pakistani Taliban. With characteristic
grandiosity, the commander laid out a lavish feast for the reporters before
sharing his reason for summoning them: an official declaration of jihad
against U.S forces across the border in Afghanistan.

Meet Baitullah Mehsud -- Pakistan's biggest problem, and the man who has
taken his country of 176 million to the center of the West's war on terror.
Once described by a Pakistani general as a "soldier of peace," he now
carries a 50 million rupee (about $615,300) bounty on his head from Pakistan
and a $5 million one from the United States. Mehsud is earning the ire of
the Pakistani military and Western policymakers alike as his movement
destabilizes Pakistan, and the United States has destroyed several of his
hide-outs with drone strikes in recent months. His now-famous 2008 press
conference -- which came almost exactly a decade after Osama bin Laden
called for the killing of Americans in a similar announcement just across
the border in Khost, Afghanistan -- was an extraordinary piece of stagecraft
even for a commander with a certain penchant for public flare. By
incautiously exposing his location to a big group of journalists, Mehsud
should have facilitated his own capture; that he didn't serves as ongoing
testament to the incompetence (and perhaps lack of will) of those who
purport to pursue him.

Mehsud's growing influence is of particular concern to Western policymakers
because Pakistan represents the gravest general security threat to the
international community -- the prospect of a nuclear-armed al Qaeda. Keeping
Pakistan's nuclear weapons out of the hands of Islamist extremists is
contingent on a stable Pakistani state, and Mehsud is the one man perhaps
most capable of destabilizing it.

According to journalists from the tribal region, Mehsud's force structure is
diverse: It includes approximately 12,000 local fighters, many belonging to
his own Mehsud tribe, and close to 4,000 foreign fighters, predominantly
Arabs and Central Asians seasoned in the Afghan jihad of the 1980s. Many of
them spent time in al Qaeda training camps and can't return to their home
countries for fear of prosecution. By giving them a cause and a home -- in
parts of South Waziristan where they are accessible to him on short notice
-- Mehsud has expanded his corps of fighters. He also has a stable of
teenage boys who have been indoctrinated to serve as suicide bombers. For
the last five years, Mehsud has used this army to terrorize Pakistan with
suicide bombings, hostage takings, and brazen military offensives. In one
spectacular show of strength, he took close to 300 Pakistani soldiers,
including officers, hostage in South Waziristan in August 2007. Mehsud
demanded that his top militant prisoners be freed in exchange. It was a
glorious moment for Mehsud when the government agreed after just 2½ months.

With this singular résumé, it was no surprise that Mehsud was named head of
Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan* *when the group formed in December 2007. Since
then, the man known as *amir *(leader) by his followers has expanded his
campaign by launching a remarkably effective drive to erode state writ and
disassemble traditional tribal structures, both of which constitute
obstacles to Taliban rule. He has ordered the murder of more than 300 tribal
elders, clearing the way for Pakistan's semiautonomous tribal belt to become
something of a forward operating base for terrorists.

"He has a hand in virtually every terrorist attack in Pakistan," Pakistani
Army Chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani said
recently< http://www.dawn.com/wps/wcm/connect/dawn-content-library/dawn/news/pa... >.
Indeed, a United Nations report released in September 2007 blamed Mehsud for
almost 80 percent of suicide bombings in Afghanistan. Pakistani and U.S.
intelligence officials have accused him of assassinating the country's most
popular politician and ex-prime minster, Benazir Bhutto -- a charge he has
denied.

Mehsud's connections are extensive throughout Pakistan and the region. He
has taken an oath of allegiance to Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed
Omar. He is close to al Qaeda's top leadership in the Af-Pak border region
and to Qari Tahir Yaldashev, leader of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan.
He is also well-connected to the Punjabi militant groups that have long been
operating in Indian-occupied Kashmir. And he maintains cordial ties with the
Haqqani network, widely considered by Western officials to be one of the
most dangerous groups of veteran jihadists in the region and the bridge
between the Pakistani and Afghan Taliban movements.

Despite Mehsud's infamy today, little is known about the man or his past. He
seems to crave public attention but won't let his face be photographed; he
is said to be charismatic in person but not a gifted public speaker.
Currently in his late 30s, he was born in Bannu on the southern side of the
border between North and South Waziristan. He belongs to the Shabikhel
branch of the Mehsud tribe in South Waziristan. Unlike most Taliban
commanders and tribal elders in the region, he was neither well-educated nor
wealthy; he attended a madrasa and school but never finished either. Yet he
has been able to capitalize on his humble beginnings to win support. In
recent attacks, he has targeted landowners, positioning the Taliban as
something of a people's movement. To win respect among insurgents, he has
played up a reputation for battlefield bravery and claims to have
participated in the anti-Soviet jihad (which is disputed, as he would have
been a young boy during most of it). Whatever the truth of his origins, it's
clear Mehsud first solidified his position in the insurgency by playing a
major role in repelling Pakistani military operations in Waziristan ongoing
since 2005.

So, how to check a man who has become so entrenched in the region? A
favorite tactic of the Pakistani military has been working with rival
leaders. Since 2006, Pakistan has purportedly been trying to pit commanders
such as Maulvi Nazir and Hafiz Gul Bahadur -- the top militant leaders from
South and North Waziristan -- against Mehsud. But here, the government has
met little success because Mehsud has in many cases dismantled the
centuries-old tribal structures in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas
(FATA); there is no mechanism left to mobilize against him. This June,
another Taliban commander, Qari Zainuddin, challenged Mehsud and was
assassinated by one of his own bodyguards. The murder was a stark message to
others who might try the same.

One pressure point might be Mehsud's funding stream, but no one is certain
exactly where his money is coming from. According to local sources, he taxes
trucks passing through the region and might be drawing ransom payments from
the kidnappings of Western journalists and officials, both of which have
become increasingly common along the Af-Pak border. It's also known that for
a time, he received funds from al Qaeda through Sirajuddin Haqqani -- son of
legendary Afghan mujahideen commander and insurgent Jalaluddin Haqqani. But
no one has yet put forth a practical plan for how to disrupt Mehsud's income
stream.

Implausible conspiracy theories about Mehsud also abound, and his carefully
maintained mystique does nothing to quell them. Lately, conjectures about
who Mehsud's benefactors might be have been running in the Pakistani press
and circulating among officials. Many claim he is an "Indian agent" who
receives support from the Indian consulates in border cities of Afghanistan.
The theory is that India supports Mehsud as retribution for Pakistan's
government-backed militant groups meddling in Kashmir. Another emerging
candidate is even more absurd: America. The United States wants Pakistan to
become so unstable, the reasoning goes, that it is *obligated *to come in
and secure the nukes. How else can one explain why U.S. troops haven't
killed him yet? Pakistani intelligence officials were recently quoted in the
press saying that they had twice tipped off U.S. forces about Mehsud's
whereabouts so that he could be targeted. According to them, the tips were
ignored.

Yet if ever there were a time to go after Mehsud, it is now. With Pakistani
forces claiming success in their recent operation against the Taliban in the
picturesque Swat Valley, which displaced some 2.5 million people, the
Tehrik-e-Taliban leader is the next assumed target. Official statements
indicate that Pakistan's beleaguered military is finally flexing its muscles
for what has been described by the local media as a "decisive showdown" with
Mehsud and his fighters. But Pakistanis and Western experts are still
skeptical about how firm the military's commitment is. Local tribesmen have
accused the Pakistan Army of adopting a policy of appeasement, for example
by signing a "peace deal" with Mehsud in February 2005 rather than taking
any serious action against him and his fighters. Mehsud certainly never
honored any accord with the government, for which he was supposed to disarm
his militia and stop cross-border terrorism. Quite the opposite; such
agreements have made Mehsud bolder and stronger and have provided him the
chance to grow his forces and strengthen his position -- now spanning the
whole FATA region and parts of the North-West Frontier Province.

Until he is finally taken down, Mehsud will continue bullying Pakistan's
military, challenging the state, uprooting centuries-old tribal structures,
and sowing the seeds of chaos across the country. Mehsud recently announced
that his next target would be the heart of U.S. power -- the White House in
Washington. He hasn't failed to come through on such a promise like that
yet.

*Imtiaz Ali is Jennings Randolph senior fellow at the U.S. Institute of
Peace (USIP). The views expressed are the author's own and not necessarily
those of the USIP, which does not take policy positions.*
*Afghanistan: Led by donkeys*

- Editorial
- The Guardian < http://www.guardian.co.uk/theguardian >, *Friday 10 July
2009
< http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2009/jul/10/afghanistan-briti... >
*

It is harsh to claim that British soldiers are dying needlessly in
Afghanistan < http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/afghanistan >, particularly on
those families whose lives are scarred permanently by their loss. But Nick
Clegg < http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/nickclegg > was right yesterday to
break the cross-party consensus by questioning out loud what is going on
there. It is not good enough for the defence secretary, Bob Ainsworth, to
strike Churchillian tones by saying the way forward will be hard and
dangerous, and then plead for public forbearance. The business of government
is to set a goal and provide a strategy for getting there. In Afghanistan we
have neither. And the British public's tolerance is running on a timer.

British soldiers are notionally dying to allow a national election to take
place in Helmand. Unless miracles happen, this poll will usher in four more
years of a corrupt narco-regime whose leader, Hamid Karzai, is the
not-so-private despair of everyone from Barack Obama downwards. Even the US
commander in charge of two provinces on Kabul's doorstep voices his
frustration by warning in this newspaper today that Mr Karzai's re-election
could trigger a violent backlash from Afghans yearning for a government they
can trust. Colonel David Haight put it pithily: "Four more years of this
crap?"

He is not alone. The US has been sending Kabul a stream of messages that it
supports the process, not the man. Mr Karzai, who told tribal power brokers
that he was Washington's man, is perturbed by this. But he continues to be
confident of victory, even an outright one in the first round. He should be,
because he has placed his loyalists in the election commission. The only
question is whether the Afghan voters are so fed up with this that they will
defy their clan elders and vote him out.

Ashraf Ghani, a former finance minister who was at one point touted as a
possible replacement for Kofi Annan as UN secretary general, is counting on
that happening. He is one of 41 candidates for the presidential poll, but
the most prominent challenger. He stands out for having a credible strategy,
not only for ending the war with the Taliban by offering a three-year
ceasefire, but also for rebuilding the Afghan state. As he sets out on the
campaign trail, he has no helicopter, no state protection and scant access
to the Afghan media. Can he web-2.0 his way to the Afghan voter? It is not
obvious that he can, even though the sheer number of candidates for
provincial councils - there are 3,300 of them - suggests an engagement that
is still alive. Still, candidates such as Mr Ghani are non-predatory fish,
and they are swimming in a tank full of sharks.

This election is about more than personalities. Unless the US and British
troops can convince the population that better governance will come in the
wake of their advance, the military
< http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/military >effort will have been wasted.
The troops will be "holding" nothing more than
the scrubland on which they are standing. And the Taliban will simply
disappear from Logar and Wardak, where the US troops currently are, to pop
up in Ghazni, where they are not. The war the Taliban are fighting is backed
by drug money. If rural per-capita incomes increased from $1 to $4 a day,
opium production would become unprofitable. This is only one measure of how
security, poppy production and governance are inextricably linked.

Let us all be clear. As things stand, we are losing this war, not just
because the Taliban show more resilience, nor simply because people like Mr
Karzai and his family thrive off the instability their rule creates. We are
losing because a coalition spending $20bn a month on military operations has
- after eight painful and bloody years - no political strategy for reaching
its stated goals. Afghanistan is not the only country whose government is
failing. Successive British governments that mouth platitudes about the
sacrifice their troops make fail them time and time again.

*US President Barack Obama to visit India next year*

*10 July 2009< http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/News/PoliticsNation/US-President-... >
*

ITALY: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will go to the US later this year while
US President Barack Obama will visit India next
year.

[image: Michelle Obama at G20.jpg][image:
http://nimg.sulekha.com/Others/original700/barack-obama-manmohan-sing... ]

*Gursharan Kaur, wife of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Michelle
Obama, first lady of the United States, and Kim Yoon-ok, first lady of
Korea, at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London. (AP Photo by Joel
Ryan)*
The invitations were exchanged and accepted by the two leaders at a brief
"pull-aside" meeting during the G8-G5 summit meeting in this quake-hit
Italian town Thursday, Indian Foreign Secretary Shivshankar Menon said here.

No dates have been finalised for both visits.

No bilateral meeting between Obama and Manmohan Singh took place during the
three-day (July 8-10) summit here.

"The leaders discussed how bilateral talks could be taken to an enhanced
level of cooperation," Menon said.

US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is scheduled to visit India later this
month. This will be her first visit to India after becoming secretary of
state.
*Obama Surprises Russia* 10 July
2009< http://www.moscowtimes.ru/article/1016/42/379421.htm >
By Vladimir Ryzhkov
*Moscow Time*

U.S. President Barack Obama’s visit to Moscow was a master class par
excellence in presidential leadership. He knew exactly why he was coming to
Russia and took away with him everything he had wanted. Even while lavishing
praise on the Russian leaders, Obama did not give ground on a single
position. He achieved what was on his agenda in his negotiations with
President Dmitry Medvedev while at the same time giving tremendous support
to Russia’s civil society. This is not just a new president. This is a
completely new type of global leadership. If Obama is able to manage the
unprecedented challenges facing him, and if luck goes his way, he has a
chance of becoming one of the greatest presidents in U.S. history.

The top foreign policy priorities for the Obama administration include the
dangerous region spanning Afghanistan and Pakistan, strengthening the Iraqi
state while gradually withdrawing U.S. troops from that country, Iran’s
nuclear program, and the settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Coalition forces are currently waging a major offensive in southern
Afghanistan. Given that situation, Moscow’s decision to allow U.S. aircraft
to pass through Russian airspace is extremely valuable and marks an
important victory for Obama. Russia gains from the arrangement as well
because it is no less interested in stabilizing the huge powder keg on its
southern flank.

The spread of nuclear weapons to an ever- increasing number of countries is
another major challenge facing the new U.S. administration. A decision was
reached at the Moscow summit to prepare a new treaty by year’s end to
replace the current START I agreement, and that would provide for almost
halving the number of nuclear warheads and delivery vehicles. This will not
only reduce the financial burden of maintaining redundant and useless
nuclear weapons, but will set a good example in encouraging other countries
to decrease their arsenals. In the case of arms reductions, U.S. and Russian
interests coincide.

One sticking point that remains is missile defense. Washington and Moscow
did not change their positions on the issue. Although they agreed to
continue dialogue and exchange information on missile-related threats and
issued a vaguely worded joint statement that acknowledged a link between
offensive and defensive weapons, this hardly broke the stalemate. In his
speech at the New Economic School, Obama placed a precondition for the
United States to consider canceling its plans for deploying a missile
defense system. He suggested that Moscow first help resolve the problem with
Iran’s nuclear program, then if this is successful, Obama will rethink the
plans. Clearly, missile defense will remain a stumbling block as the two
sides work out the exact terms of the new strategic arms control agreement.

Against the backdrop of a possible new military conflict between Russia and
Georgia this summer and with sharp barbs being traded between Moscow and
Kiev, Obama clearly stated his position several times regarding the region
that Moscow is accustomed to viewing as its “zone of vital interest.” During
negotiations with Medvedev, in his speech at the New Economic School and at
meetings with the Russian opposition, Obama emphasized his firm support for
the sovereignty and territorial integrity of those nations. He also declared
that governments with the backing of the people have the right to choose for
themselves whether they want to join any particular bloc or alliance. The
U.S. president did not rule out the possibility of continued NATO expansion,
saying only that the process would be “long and difficult.”

Obama amazed Moscow with his agenda during the second day of his visit:
three public speeches to large audiences as well as meetings with rights
advocates, businesspeople, the political opposition, former Soviet leader
Mikhail Gorbachev and even Patriarch Kirill. Thousands of people had the
opportunity to see and hear the young U.S. president in person. Kremlin
television was thrown into a state of confusion. Obama’s open and friendly
style stood in stark contrast to the demonized image of the United States
that Kremlin propaganda has promulgated for many years. Obama’s visit made a
very strong impact on Russia, the results of which will last a very long
time. It will be difficult for the ruling elite to deny the fact that the
world had changed and that the United States had also changed. America has
become more dynamic, wiser and more attractive, and the old, worn-out
anti-U.S. propaganda that the Kremlin has relied on for the last eight years
will no longer work.

Obama introduced a completely new political style. He did not put his arm
around the shoulder of his “friend Dima” or his “friend Volodya,” nor did he
“look into their souls.” Obama was very professional and held firmly to his
position, and he walked away a winner. It appears that the Kremlin elite
were caught off guard. They clearly underestimated Obama and were not
prepared to do business with such a smart and well-prepared partner.

No U.S. president has ever spent so much time meeting with Russian civil
society as Obama did. At his meeting with members of the Russian opposition,
at which I was present, Obama stated directly that he intends to have
contact with not only the leaders of other countries, but with members of
society as well. In his speech at the New Economic School, Obama stressed
that the time when a handful of state leaders would decide the fate of the
world had passed. At our meeting, Obama said he would actively support
broader contacts between nongovernmental organizations. Obama also explained
that he values democracy above all else because only democratic countries
can be true advocates of peace and progress. It is hard to imagine a time
when Russia ever received more open support for democracy, human rights and
civil society than it did on Obama’s second day in Moscow.
At the end of our meeting with Obama, where we discussed the biased judicial
system and in particular the highly politicized convictions of former Yukos
CEO Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his former business partner Platon Lebedev. We
discussed the problems of political prisoners, freedom of speech, the murder
of opposition members and journalists, the censuring of the mass media and
repressive measures against opposition parties.

Obama has been in office for only six months, but the world has already
started to change. The new U.S. president represents a good balance between
national interests and personal values. He is able to conduct a pragmatic
dialogue with the ruling authorities while simultaneously supporting civil
society and the opposition. His leadership style is businesslike and
friendly. Obama is able to reach out to millions of people all over the
world, and he symbolizes the new, improved image of the United States. In
short, Obama presents a new form of politics — the politics of change. As a
result, the entire world is changing as well.

*Vladimir Ryzhkov, a State Duma deputy from 1993 to 2007, hosts a political
talk show on Ekho Moskvy radio.*
--
Whiz News provides news, views and interesting articles from various sources
and all perspectives.
 
 
 
 
