 
  eng-NG-31-107951-8927660  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-10-05T10:44:00  
 
 
Danilo Di Luca question
 
 
 
  Hell and High Water <tifoso...@OVEcomcast.net>  
  2007-10-05T10:44:00  
I read one website that said the Oct 16th hearing was related to the Oil
for Drugs/whatever/2004 deal.

Then I read another site that talked about the low testosterone level
during the Giro.

Which is it?

-Bob
 
 
  MagillaGorilla <magi...@sandiegozoo.com>  
  2007-10-05T11:55:00  
Hell and High Water wrote:

 

It doesn't matter.  All you need to know is Danika Delusion is dirty and
doped to the gills.  Everyone in the sport knows it.  It's only the
mindless fans who think he's getting shafted.

Basically if you're from Italy or Spain, you are a doped cyclist.
Bettini is also a doper.  Bigtime doper.  Everyone knows it.

Did you think Sinkabitch would just fabricate that allegation out of the
blue on TV for no reason with no axe whatsoever to grind?  C'mon.

Remember David Millar's reaction when he was accused of taking dope?  He
called his accuser a "nutter" and said he was going to sue.   Same with
Virenque, Basso, Museuuw....

We know how this story is going to turn out.  Danika Delusion is your
typical guido doper from Italy.  He's as dirty as Team Cinzano.  The
trial is just some farce by those spineless punks at CONI who for years
protected Basso, Bugno, Argentin, etc....

The only reason they're going after Danika with kid gloves (a 4 month
suspension in the winter? PUH-LEEZ) is to attempt to show the world it
is cracking down.  Yet I've never heard of a 4-month suspension for
doping in my life. loet alone to be served INT HE FUCKING WINTER. The
minimum first year offense is 2 fucking years, not a 4-month vacation in
the winter when most pros are hanging out on the beach in Miami.

So when CONI tries to pull the wool over the public by giving Danika a
4-month suspension TO BE SERVED IN THE OFF-SEASON, A CLEAR VIOLATION OF
UCI SENTENCING RULES, it's just an extension of the ongoing corruption
in the sport.  WADA must be looking at this case and saying, "Who the
fuck are you Italians trying to kid with this?"

There's one thing you can say about USADA: they're not cyclist-loving
corrupt losers like the officials in CONI and practically every other
national federation (especially Spain and Germany)

Take care,

Magilla
 
 
  "xzzy" <mrbikej...@comcast.net>  
  2007-10-05T12:48:00  
This is correct:  The minimum first year offense is 2 fucking years, not a
4-month vacation in the winter when most pros are hanging out on the beach
in Miami.

Yet I've never heard of a 4-month suspension for doping in my life. loet
alone to be served INT HE FUCKING WINTER.

In the 1970's, pros were fined - not suspended - for doing drugs.  So racers
in Europe during that time simply viewed it as a fee to be paid in order to
race.  My 2 cents on the European racing scene is that the mind set of
European cyclists should be allowed to do whatever they want, still exists
today.

Another example of how things have changed is: in the mid 1980's in the US,
the first offense could be as short as 2 weeks, which was later changed to
the current 2 years.

 

news:fe5mom$l63$1@aioe.org ...

 
 
 
 
 
