 
  eng-NG-31-108571-8988396  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-08-29T10:00:00  
 
 
Galileo "Stupid," Says EU Commissioner
 
 
 
  Sam Wormley <sworml...@mchsi.com>  
  2007-08-29T10:00:00  
Galileo "Stupid," Says EU Commissioner
http://www.ngs.noaa.gov/CORS/Newsletter/082807.doc

GPS World, August 28, 2007

A European Union commissioner's remark that the Galileo "is a stupid
system" created a buzz in the online GNSS community.

A major wire service reported that Guenter Verheugen, German
commissioner in charge of industry, said at a news conference that
Galileo wasn't as important to EU space policy as many other projects
because it has limited functions.

Galileo, though promoted as the flagship of EU's space activities, is
hardly mentioned in a Resolution on the European Space Policy adopted
May 22 by the fourth European Space Council, a joint meeting of EU
Competitiveness ministers and representatives from ESA member states
held in Brussels, Belgium.

Verheugen told the press, "I fully disagree, fully disagree, that
Galileo is the most important project of European space policy. It is
a project of traffic infrastructure. The GMES (the EU's major project
on Global Monitoring for Environment and Security) is definitely more
important than Galileo, as it offers a huge range of operations,
whereas Galileo can only do one thing - help you to navigate, nothing
else. In this sense, Galileo is in a certain way a stupid system."

Press Reaction. The "stupid" remark drew responses in the press.
Financial Times columnist John Gapper said, "I must disagree with Mr.
Verheugen: I think navigation, and the software and services it
allows, is not stupid. Actually, it is one of the most intriguing
technologies to come along since the Internet. I dread to think what
Mr. Verheugen would have had to say about the Internet if he had been
asked to judge before its usefulness became clear."

Gapper touted the future value of Galileo to social networking,
Internet-based services, safety, and security. "Europeans have an
unfortunate tendency to let the U.S. gain an unassailable lead in
various areas of technology and then moan about its hegemony," Gapper
said. "That often occurs because the U.S. is prepared to take a
financial punt that something will prove valuable even if this is not
immediately obvious. Unlike Mr. Verheugen, I would wager that Galileo
falls into this category."

Relatively Simple? Verheugen supported efforts to push ahead with
Galileo despite concerns about the size of the market for satellite
navigation. "It's significant from a commercial point of view, but
compared to the technical complexity of other activities in space,
Galileo is relatively simple. It's not complex. That's what I meant
by stupid," he clarified.
 
 
  Happy Trails <nom...@myplace.com>  
  2007-08-29T11:25:00  
On Wed, 29 Aug 2007 14:00:41 GMT, Sam Wormley <sworml ... @mchsi.com>
wrote:

 

Probably lost something in the translation. "Dumm" can mean "simple" -
or it can mean "stupid" - somebody's speech writer/translator screwed
up!

What really is STUPID is the idea that Galileo might somehow be made
into a viable commercial enterprise when GPS, and possibly some
others, are free to use, actually exist today, and can offer every
function, feature and level of accuracy dreamed about by the
supporters of Galileo.

It's funny that this squarehead suggests that the money might be
better spent on environmental issues - he must be reading my old posts
in this forum, hahaha.  Maybe I should run for a position on the EU
Commission.
 
 
  Sam Wormley <sworml...@mchsi.com>  
  2007-08-29T11:37:00  
 

Could be an improvement if you did! Practical experience really matters!
 
 
  util...@aol.com  
  2007-08-29T14:35:00  
Can't agree with the term "stupid"...
Galileo is very far from something stupid even if, in fact this
project is less complex than expected and will not offer any news on
navigation.
Galileo must offer different level of services and the first will be
free of charge and a little bit more accurate than the other (for
Happytrails).
The cost of this project is not so big and can be supported by EU very
easely, a good comparaison GALILEO cost is more or less one aircraft
carrier (EU size:-) or some kilometers of highway. Nothing
dramatics...
First of all GALILEO is a politic project and must be considered for
this. It is the first EU project including a global EU defense concept
and the beginning of indenpendance with US. In a world where all bombs
are using satellites guidance, can somebody tell me what will append
if tomorrow  EU decide an intervention somewhere and if the US
disagree with ?
This seems to be perfectly integrated by some other country like
China, India and off course Russia, why EU don't have this right ?

After, understanding if GALILEO and the other are improving navigation
accuracy, safety (yes...) or anything else... is just time spend for
nothing. One constellation is good, two is better and three much
better...
Buisness consideration is kidding... and don't have any real
importance regarding all other ...

Utilsea.
 
 
 
 
