 
  eng-NG-31-140129-9882717  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-10-17T12:25:00  
 
 
Rockies Tickets
 
 
 
  "BobInBoulder" <b...@noneofyourbusiness.com>  
  2007-10-17T12:25:00  
 

news:VdGdnRGi24z9MJLanZ2dnUVZ_iydnZ2d@comcast.com ...

 

So how was it Paul?  Pretty amazing?  I'm still not a baseball fan at all,
but as a sheer sporting event, as well as sports history (this run by the
Rocks is absolutely epic), I'm sure this would have been worth the hours of
tedium between exciting plays.  And the celebration must have been something
as well?

I still have a few great in-person memories in my pocket:

1. Game 7 of the 2001 SCF against the Devils.  The only major professional
championship won in the state of Colorado (so far, Go Rocks).  The
atmosphere that night at the Can was absolutely unrivaled.  The entire crowd
was still celebrating inside the arena for about an hour after the game was
over.  Seeing Bourque raise the Cup, seeing Forsberg carry it around without
his spleen, seeing what turned out to be the last great performance in the
Patrick Roy legacy as the best money goaltender of all-time, seeing
something that I still firmly believe is the most difficult thing to attain
in all of sports ... just amazing.

2. Game 5, in enemy territory in Seattle, when the Nugs upset the Sonics to
become the first 8 seed to beat a 1 seed back in 1994.  That team was the
youngest in the NBA at the time and had so much promise.  Who would have
thunk that it would be the last playoff series they would win until ?????

3. Way back in 1977 (I was just a kid, but yes, I am old), I went to a
Bronco game in the old Mile High of great significance.  They were playing
the Baltimore Colts, with Bert Jones at QB, and I think both teams were
something like 10-1.  The Broncos were barely hanging on when Baltimore
tried a screen pass and Tom Jackson stepped in front of the intended
receiver and raced almost 80 yards the other way for a touchdown.  The win
pretty much secured homefield for the playoffs for the Broncos in that first
magical year of Bronco greatness, and the stands were absolutely electric.
The fact that no Bronco on that team is in the HoF is still one of the
biggest jokes in all of sports.  At the very least Gradishar should be ....
he should have been a lock years ago.  (sorry, I digress)

How is this for a cross post?  ;)  Oh yes, somehow I also managed to get
tickets to and fly home (I was living in Seattle at the time) for the
Rockies first ever home opener in Mile High Stadium.  I was sitting in the
section where Eric Young hit a home run in their first ever home at bat.
And that was pretty cool.  Even though I don't like baseball.
 
 
  "Paul L" <kbtr...@qwest.net>  
  2007-10-17T15:47:00  
 

news:13hcds39aqogs4a@corp.supernews.com ...

 

Baseball at it's best.  Check that.  Baseball at it's next to best.   The
first
World Series game in Denver is on my birthday ... THAT is baseball at
it's best  :-)

 

That was a fantastic time.  I still think the energy in McNichols
arena and the spontaneous celebration in the aftermath of the
Avs victory over the unbeatable best ever NHL team in the
WCF of '96 may have rivaled the Game 7 of the 2001 Finals
atmosphere.

 

The future looked bright.  On another front, Kenyon Martin actually
played 15 minutes of ball last night and then refused to talk to the media
afterwords.  He's probably my favorite athlete of all time, edging out
Barroid Bonds.

 

Interesting that when Gradishar retired before he was out of his
prime, it was because he wanted to remain healthy ... but the
recent story about retired broncos indicates maybe he didn't
get out so clean.  Yep, Gradishar was dominant and should be
in the Hall.

I was in the stands for the 3rd AFC Championship vs Bernie
Kosar and the Browns.   I never had and have never since been
so close to the field and was amazed at the sound pressure
that was palpable that sunny January day.  Invesco field may
be close by geographically, but it is worlds away from Mile
High Stadium.

 

I was in a pawn shop at 11th and Broadway in Denver looking at
butchered guitars when he hit that one   :-).

cheers

Paul
 
 
 
 
