 
  eng-NG-31-134189-9596551  
  USENET TEXT  
  2008-01-14T23:37:00  
 
 
News Guru on Politics of PPP
 
 
 
  Nadeem Malik <nadeem.ma...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-01-14T23:37:00  
Politics of PPP

Many Pakistanis See Leader As Having Reigned Too Long - WP

Economy worries Pakistanis- USA Today

51 pct say personal economic situations deteriorated over past year- USA Today

53 pct find inflation No. 1 issue-

Youth rebellion is spreading, despite the risks- Chicago Tribune

She (Benazir) was very unpopular with the military- Musharraf

You shouldn't be as an extension of the United States. Now I am branded as an extension, but not to the extent she was. Pakistanis know that I can be tough- Musharraf

The idea that it has to be a Bhutto to lead PPP is a dangerous one- Fatima Bhutto

At some point the will should be made public- Fatima

Gallup survey approves nomination of Bilawal

Back channel contacts between Shehbaz and Brig. Niaz

Army Chief stops contacts between Generals and Politicians

Gallup survey gives best score to Nawaz Sharif

----------------------------------------------------------- N A D E E M M A L I K CNBC PAKISTAN BUREAU CHIEF ISLAMABAD 0321-5117511
nadeem.ma ... @hotmail.com
16th Floor, Saudi Pak Tower, 61-A Jinnah Avenue, Islamabad. 051-2800113-14, Fax: 051-2800118

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE!
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
 
 
  Nadeem Malik <nadeem.ma...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-01-14T23:38:00  
BENAZIR BHUTTO INVESTIGATION: WORKING ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN SCOTLAND YARD TEAM AND PAKISTANI AUTHORITIES PUBLISHED

The British High Commission, and Pakistan’s Interior Ministry, today released the working arrangements agreed between the Pakistani law enforcement agencies and the Metropolitan Police Service team assisting with the investigation into the death of Benazir Bhutto.

The text of the agreement reads as follows:

“At the request of the Pakistan Government, New Scotland Yard’s Counter Terrorism Command (SO15) is deploying a team of investigators to support the Pakistan Law Enforcement Agencies responsible for investigating the death of Benazir Bhutto.  The principal purpose of the SO15 deployment is to assist the local authorities in providing clarity regarding the precise cause of Ms Bhutto’s death.

“The team will provide forensic expertise and other investigative assistance as appears appropriate to the senior officer Detective Superintendent MacBrayne who will lead the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) team.  The MPS officers will assist and report to the Pakistan senior investigators.  The primacy and responsibility for the investigation remains with the Pakistan authorities.

“The MPS team will consist of experts in the areas of crime scene investigation, forensics, and evidence analysis.”

ENDS

Notes to the Editor
§         Five officers of the UK’s Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) deployed to Pakistan on Friday 4 January 2008, following a request by President Musharraf to assist in the investigation of the death of Benazir Bhutto, following a rally in Rawalpindi on 27 December 2007.
§         The officers belong to the Counter Terrorism Command, known as SO15, of the MPS.  The MPS is often informally called ‘Scotland Yard’ after the name of their headquarters building, New Scotland Yard, in central London.
§         The agreement on working arrangements is being published following the UK Foreign Secretary’s commitment in the House of Commons on Monday 7 January 2008 to publish the team’s terms of reference.  It was agreed in principle before the team’s deployment, and signed off by the team and the Pakistani Interior Ministry at a meeting shortly after they arrived.

----------------------------------------------------------- N A D E E M M A L I K CNBC PAKISTAN BUREAU CHIEF ISLAMABAD 0321-5117511
nadeem.ma ... @hotmail.com
16th Floor, Saudi Pak Tower, 61-A Jinnah Avenue, Islamabad. 051-2800113-14, Fax: 051-2800118

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE!
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
 
 
  Nadeem Malik <nadeem.ma...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-01-15T11:42:00  
External Threats
&
Political Stability

Allies Feel Strain of Afghan War- WP

Troop Levels among Issues Dividing U.S., NATO Countries- WP

US plans to send additional 3,200 Marines to Afghanistan-

US supplies about half of 54,000 troops in Afghanistan

Pakistan Opposition Attacks Musharraf- WP

Nawaz accuses Musharraf of blindly following America’s orders-

Troops to shoot anyone attempting to disrupt elections- Musharraf

Militants ambushed military convoy in Mohmand agency, leaving 7 dead

Militants Escape Control of Pakistan- NYT

Military Intelligence has lost control of some of the networks of militants it has nurtured since the 1980s, and is now suffering the violent blowback of that policy, two former senior intelligence officials say- NYT

“It is quite illogical if you think those people who have suffered 1,000 people dead, and I who have been attacked thrice or four or five times, that I would be supportive towards Taliban, towards Al Qaeda,” Mr. Musharraf said- NYT

US Army Chief in Europe to Run NATO Afghan Unit- NYT

Pakistan Election Fueling Cynicism- WT

PML (Q) discussing feasibility of national-unity government, PML-Q spokesman Tariq Azeem

Pakistan's Terror Inc.- WT

Pitting Sunni tribes against Al Qaeda worked in Iraq. Will it work against Taliban in Pakistan- CSM

Pakistan's tribal belt emerging as test bed of this counterterrorism strategy- CSM

Government could further delay elections in response to violence- LAT

Musharraf rules out delay in elections

Afghan intelligence names Pakistan-based Siraj Haqqani  as the mastermind behind Kabul’s Serena Hotel attack

Shots Either Hit You or They Do Not- Spiegel

President Musharraf describes US President Bush as a friend

I do not deny the fact that al-Qaida is operating here- Musharraf

Al-Qaeda is mastermind behind suicide bombings

Fanatics can never take over Pakistan- Musharraf

I would never allow American forces to operate on Pakistan's soil- Musharraf

ElBaradei's impression is totally misplaced- Musharraf

ISI does not handle any nuclear issue at all- Musharraf

I am ready to work with whomever wins- Musharraf

Benazir was waving and turned a little right and that angle may have been enough for a bullet to hit- Musharraf

Kiyani and I share vision on Pakistan, on Taliban, on al-Qaida, on politics, on human rights and on media. We are two of a kind- Musharraf tells SPIEGEL

Following the developments of the last seven or eight months, to resign would be the easiest thing. On the day I think the people, the majority, dont want me any more and the day I think I have no contribution to make to this country, I will not wait a second. I will leave- Musharraf

3 Sentenced in Musharraf Murder Plot- AP

Anti-terrorism court sentenced three militants to life in prison for attempting to kill President Musharraf in 2002

----------------------------------------------------------- N A D E E M M A L I K CNBC PAKISTAN BUREAU CHIEF ISLAMABAD 0321-5117511
nadeem.ma ... @hotmail.com
16th Floor, Saudi Pak Tower, 61-A Jinnah Avenue, Islamabad. 051-2800113-14, Fax: 051-2800118

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE!
http://messenger.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
 
 
  Nadeem Malik <nadeem.ma...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-01-15T23:34:00  
Musharraf's Last Stand
By clinging to power, the president is making Pakistan fight the wrong battle—against him, rather than the extremists destabilizing the nuclear-armed nation.

The Newsweek
By Fareed Zakaria
Updated: 2:22 PM ET Jan 12, 2008

This was supposed to be a foreign-policy election. Iraq, Iran, North Korea were going to be prominent on the campaign agenda in 2008. In fact, over the past few months, the wider world has been receding. Violence in Iraq is down. The threat from Iran seems less urgent. We're negotiating with North Korea. But one country has been all over the news and is being debated on the campaign trail—Pakistan. Pakistan worries everyone. Commentators talk of rising instability and national peril. Proliferation experts like Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, warn that the country's nuclear weapons could fall into the wrong hands. Presidential contenders threaten to get tough with Islamabad. And to add urgency to these discussions come periodic terror attacks, including one last Thursday, outside the Lahore High Court, that killed 19 policemen and bystanders.

I watched this debate from Pakistan, leaving Lahore one day before the bombing. Pakistanis—somewhat dazed in the aftermath of Benazir Bhutto's assassination—are not quite sure how to take in all the attention. Most are intrigued by their newfound prominence, defensive about the gloomy picture painted of their country and hopeful that their problems will lead to international help. But all are genuinely worried. Things have rarely looked as bad.

In the past year Pakistan has suffered its worst violence since the riots that followed its founding in 1947. And in the past six months it has careered from one political and constitutional crisis to another, none of which has been resolved, or is likely to be resolved by parliamentary elections scheduled for Feb. 18. "We have all these problems coming together at the same time," says Jehangir Karamat, the former chief of staff of the armed forces. "The suicide bombings in our cities and towns, the insurgency in the western regions, the lawyers' protests, the challenge to the regime's legitimacy." In fact, Pakistan is facing two crises—one political and the other security-related. It might have been more convenient to tackle them sequentially, but that is no longer an option. The country will face them simultaneously over the next few months, and how well it does will determine whether this nuclear-armed nation veers badly off course.

Pakistan is a messy place, with only unpalatable choices, which is why many believe that in this land of the blind, Pervez Musharraf is king. George W. Bush, Gordon Brown, Nicolas Sarkozy—all have bet on Musharraf. He's not perfect, in their view, but he is a bold leader who fights terrorism and has the competence to move this complex country in a modern direction. Until recently it was a good bet. When Musharraf took control of the government in 1999, Pakistan was spiraling downward, its economy a shambles, its military intertwined with jihadists in Afghanistan and Kashmir, and its politics deeply corrupt. Musharraf was forced to make a choice after 9/11 and acted decisively. Once the principal sponsor of the Taliban government, Pakistan quickly helped the United States topple it. Over the next two years, Musharraf weakened support for something much closer to his military's heart— the jihad in Kashmir, which kept a third of the Indian Army tied down in that state. To understand the magnitude of these shifts, bear in mind that the Pakistani military has had only two policy successes over the past three decades—installing a friendly regime in Afghanistan and bleeding India at low cost over Kashmir.

In a wide-ranging conversation at his Camp Office in Rawalpindi on Jan. 7, Musharraf came across, as always, as smart and thoroughly modern. In the past he has spoken admiringly of Turkey's founder, Kemal Ataturk, and denounced Islamic extremism. He's instituted economic reforms, and embraced science and secular education. By all accounts, he has not been tarred by the personal corruption that had become routine for Pakistani leaders, though of course he is part of a broader structure of military power and privilege that is massive, arbitrary and accountable only to itself.

One year ago, if Pervez Musharraf had ceded power (there were many different ways to do so) and allowed for a transition to democratic rule, he would, over time, have been remembered as Pakistan's most significant leader since Benazir's father, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, perhaps even since its founder, Mohammad Ali Jinnah. There are many caveats and qualifications to this characterization—I can hear the shrieks from Pakistan's urban liberals—but on balance, I believe that it holds. While intellectuals and activists in Lahore and Islamabad had many complaints, in September 2006—after Musharraf had been in office seven years—average income had risen 55 percent, TV and print media were flourishing, and his approval rating hovered above 60 percent.

But over the past year, Musharraf has embarked on a series of moves that have destroyed his claims to being a modernizer, his reputation as a statesman and his popularity with his own people. Many outside Pakistan do not quite realize the sea change that has taken place. Musharraf is now deeply unpopular; significant majorities distrust anything he says. He is routinely accused of masterminding Bhutto's death, rigging the elections in advance and being in cahoots with terrorists. His approval rating was 30 percent in November 2007, in the latest of five national surveys conducted by the International Republican Institute over the previous 18 months. It has almost certainly gone down significantly since then, in the wake of Bhutto's assassination. When asked what they thought of his (engineered) re-election as president in October 2007, a stunning 61 percent said that they "strongly disagreed," and an additional 11 percent said they "disagreed." And polls in Pakistan are likely to overstate the level of support for a military ruler.

Why has this happened? Musharraf realized last year that Pakistan's laws and courts were obstacles to his central aspiration—to remain in power—and he responded by cutting them down. When it became clear that the Supreme Court stood in his way, he fired its chief justice. When the charges he brought against the chief justice were unanimously dismissed by a 13-judge panel (including five hand-picked ones), he declared an emergency and fired the chief justice and 60 other judges of various superior courts, placing most of them under house arrest. When lawyers protested, he arrested their leaders, including the highly respected head of the Supreme Court Bar Association, Aitzaz Ahsan. Musharraf shut down TV stations, then reopened some after they were forced to sign a "code of conduct."

Musharraf has explained his actions—all wildly unpopular—as necessary to fight terror, and banked on foreign reporters' not checking the details of a complex saga. For example, Musharraf claims the judges had gone soft on terror, releasing jihadists arrested during the siege of Islamabad's Red Mosque last year. It's true that three judges had acquitted the Islamists, but Musharraf has retained all three. "The principle by which he fired judges is clear," says Asma Jahangir, the courageous chair of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and a respected lawyer. "Those who were relatively independent were sacked. Only the scum remain."

Musharraf's struggle to stay in power has also reinforced his alliance with thoroughly illiberal forces. Having packed the courts, amended the Constitution, muzzled the media and battled with the major political parties, Musharraf has alienated all the modern, secular and liberal forces in Pakistan, with the exception of some businessmen and his own community of "mohajirs" (refugees from India) in Sindh. He now relies for his support on the military, an assortment of feudal politicians and some friendly fundamentalists. In Rawalpindi he spoke of other politicians, including the late Benazir, with undisguised hostility. Although he is an intelligent, well-meaning man whose vision for Pakistan remains moderate and secular, he has become a deeply polarizing force in Pakistan. Musharraf's selling point has always been that even though he was not elected, he has been a liberalizing dictator. Over the past year, he has lost claim to the adjective.

Does that mean Musharraf's days are numbered? Not exactly. Mushahid Hussain, secretary-general of the Pakistan Muslim League-Q, the party aligned with the president (often described as the "king's party"), says, "He's a cat with nine lives, and he still has two left." It may not be his feline qualities that keep him in office, though, but the support of the armed forces. Whatever happens at the polls, Pakistan's military, allied with elements of the country's traditional, quasi-feudal establishment, will still wield immense power. Its control of the Pakistani state is deep and has actually increased over the past decade, as Musharraf has placed retired generals in key positions of authority.

But Musharraf could also face a powerful political opposition in the National Assembly. Unless the elections are rigged, every independent expert predicts that the king's party will do badly. Opposition leaders like Nawaz Sharif and Asif Ali Zardari (Benazir's widower and the new co-head of her Pakistan Peoples Party) are united in their basic agenda. "Our No. 1 demand is the restoration of the judiciary," Sharif told me. "Nothing is more important than that." Zardari said, "The whole structure of power must change in this country. The military must get out of politics."

At a political and constitutional level, the crisis in Pakistan is actually good news. Civil society has mobilized. The print
...
read more »
 
 
  Nadeem Malik <nadeem.ma...@hotmail.com>  
  2008-01-16T23:54:00  
Election-army Over 35,000 troops to be employed during elections

ISLAMABAD, Jan 16 (APP): Director General Military Operations (DGMO) Major Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha on Wednesday said that over 35,000 troops of Pakistan Army would be employed to ensure law and order situation in parts of the country during elections.
The troops employment would be made to assist the civil administration in case any law and order situation arises, he said while briefing media at GHQ.
He said that the Election Commission of Pakistan has set up around 72,000 polling stations for 342 National Assembly and 728 provincial assemblies seats for February 18 polls, thus adequate number of troops have been specified for the purpose in accordance with the requisition by the civil administration.
He dispelled the impression that law and order situation was a deliberate attempt to achieve certain motives in parts of the country and said, there is no substance in such allegations as Pakistan Army is purely working in accordance to the orders given by the Government.
"Pakistan Army does not speak language of bullet but it works in accordance to the need of the government," he said in firm tone.
He said there is no such directive to army troops to be deployed during elections to "shoot at sight" the miscreants. "The troops would be there to assist the civil administration and would act only in case the police and civil administration fails to maintain the law and order," he said

Muharram-Army Around 17,000 troops deployed in sensitive areas during Muharram: DGMO

ISLAMABAD, Jan 16 (APP): Director General Military Operations (DGMO) Pakistan Army Major General Ahmed Shuja Pasha on Wednesday said that 17,000 troops of Pakistan Army have been deployed to maintain law and order in sensitive parts of the country during Muharram.
The troops deployed in the four provinces would assist the civil administration to maintain law and order and would be active in case the police or civil administration fails to control the situation, he said while briefing media persons at GHQ.
Maj-Gen Pasha said a total of 159 companies of Pakistan Army have been deployed in 29 districts of Punjab, 11 districts of Sindh, seven districts of NWFP and one district of Balochistan.
He said, in addition to the army troops, 54 companies of Rangers and Frontier Corps have also been engaged in these sensitive districts of the four provinces.
He said that this year the employment of troops in NWFP has been increased as compared to the last year. During 2007, he said 97 companies of Pakistan Army were employed during Muharram.
He said the troop deployment was made following request by the civil administration

Operation 'Rah E Haq' in Swat accomplished: DGMO

ISLAMABAD, Jan 16 (APP): Director General Military Operations (DGMO) Pakistan Army Major General Ahmed Shuja Pasha on Wednesday said that operation "Rah E Haq" in Swat to re-establish the writ of the government and clean the area from miscreants has been successfully accomplished.
Giving a detailed briefing on the subject at the General headquarters, the DGMO said during the operation, spread over around three months, 36 security personnel embraced shahadat while 9 civilians were killed.
More than 615 miscreants were arrested while over 100 of them were still under investigations while the rest have been released, Maj-Gen Pasha said.
He said ten notorious miscreants including close allies of Maulana Fazal Ullah identified as Fazale Ahad (brother of Fazal Ullah), Liaqat, Fazalur Rehman, Mahboob ur Rehman, Iqbal Khan, Inam Ur rehman, Waheed Khan and Maulana Shakoor had been killed during the operation.
"Pakistan Army troops have pushed out the miscreants from the Swat valley to an adjoining isolated area having mountain peaks fully covered with snow," he said
DGMO Maj Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha said during the operation an utmost care had been exercised by the troop to avoid any collateral damage to the life, due to the dense population in the area. He said that the law and order situation in the area had arisen back in 1990 and due to slackness in matching attention to the problem in the past it kept rising.
He said the situation had worsen to the level that the police stations and civil administration were simply non-existent as the police stations were under the complete command of Taliban. The local populace was being subjected to brutal tortures and killings. Seeing the worst situation the provincial government of NWFP requested Pakistan Army to deploy troops in the area which successfully carried out operation.
Answering a question he said the lasting peace in the area could be achieved through steps to empower the civil administration and police which may keep strict vigil on law and order. He pointed out that the trends of miscreants could be checked with the help of people who should stop their support besides paying them donations.
He said that the affected people are presently being provided relief
by the troops under "Quick Impact Project" costing Rs one billion while a compensation package for them has also been recommended. He said the injured in the area were provided free medical care while the families of the deceased were also given proper care and attention.
He said the local populace is extending all cooperation to the troops as they had welcomed them with open arms and took a sigh of relief seeing their presence in the area.
He said the confidence of miscreants has been badly shattered.
DGMO said election activity in the area is visibly seen while 12 FM stations have re-started their transmissions.
He said the pull out plan of troops from the area would be considered in the due course of time.
He said to launch operation in the area was the most difficult decision to be implemented however, it was initiated to check the curse.
He thanked the media for their pragmatic and optimistic reporting of the happenings. However, he was critical about some specific tv channels for showing bloody scenes and bodies of the dead on the screen. He said " As a common citizen of the country I want to ask the TV channels that what service are they extending to the society by showing such gory scenes."
Answering to a question he said that Baitullah Mehsood had been hiding in some hide out in Waziristan and some reports have revealed that he is critically ill

DGMO-Foreign No foreign force to be allowed to carry out operation in Pakistan: DGMO

ISLAMABAD, Jan 16 (APP): Director General Military Operation Pakistan Army Major General Ahmed Shuja Pasha on Wednesday stated in firm tone that no foreign force would be allowed to carry out operation in Pakistan.
Referring to President Pervez Musharraf's recent press statement on the issue, Gen. Pasha said, the President had already given a clear statement and this is the country's policy.
Giving briefing to media in General Headquarters, he said as far as the matter of intelligence sharing with the US is concerned, liaison is there -Pakistan Army is continuing its support.
Over 120,000 troops of Pakistan Army have been deployed on the country's western border and in Waziristan area to keep vigil on the situation as well as to check cross border movements, he said.
He said that the country's armed forces are vigilant and if any such situation arises to deploy troops on eastern borders it could easily be done.
He said Pakistan being major contributor to the UN peacekeeping operations abroad has earned laurels due to their professional and proficient approach to deal with the untoward situations.

Military operation not meant to save president Musharraf regime operation: DGMO
ISLAMABAD, January 18 (Online): Director General Military Operations (DGMO) Maj Gen Ahmad Shuja Pasha has said military operation in Swat or Waziristan has not been launched to save President Musharraf's or some one else government.
"Military operation has not been initiated to save government of president Musharraf's regime or some one else government. Government sought army help and we have come here under the directive of government. We have no eagerness to conduct operation against our own country men; It is very difficult decision and there is tremendous pressure on us in this respect", he said this during a press briefing here Wednesday in GHQ.
Responding to a question DGMO said he couldn't give any guarantee about re-emergence of militants. People should not extend donations to them and not to be intimidated by them. "We have pushed them into an area of Swat wherefrom they can not browbeat people. Some have fled to Afghanistan, while some have mingled with general public", he indicated.
He acknowledged that local Taliban were citizens of Pakistan. Extending support to Taliban in 1990 was policy of the then government and not of the army, he pointed out.
He told 120000 troops were deployed in Swat and Waziristan. "We will however focus fully on our borders with India if situation worsens there. We moved to Swat at the behest of government", he remarked.
"Language of bullet is not language of army, "he stressed. It is government, which decides to use army. "However dialogue process is still underway in Swat", he maintained.
"Our cooperation with US is very clear. However we will not allow any one including US to conduct any operation inside our borders", he announced in unequivocal terms.
"No one can wage armed struggle against one's own country", he said adding, and "if they will take up arms then some one has to stop them."
Responding to a question he said president had talked of opening fire on those found involved in disrupting electoral process in some other perspective. Such decision will be taken by respective field commander after taking into consideration the situation", he remarked
"We know it well army is no solution to Swat issue", he said adding civil administration and next government should address their demands. If police discharges its duty honestly then there will be peace
...
read more »
 
 
 
 
