 
  eng-NG-31-142153-8688863  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-09-10T23:41:00  
 
 
Some interesting political comment
 
 
 
  "Zvakanaka" <lalapa...@yahoo.com>  
  2007-09-10T23:41:00  
Why Africa Finds It Hard To Support MDC - The Real Reason

September 10, 2007 01:59 PM

The real reason is not that African leaders are in awe of Mugabe's dubious
liberation war credentials as most of us are led to believe. Edgar Tekere
one of the founders of Zanu PF exposed Mugabe's lies of having actually
fought the liberation war, he asserts that Mugabe never fired a single gun
in his book  A Lifetime of Struggle. At the heart of the reason why African
leaders wont support MDC lies political immaturity, corruption and power
hungry individuals who led liberation struggles across Africa. Thats why its
hard for

African leaders to embrace post liberation political parties such as the
MDC.

Zambia is the most bewildering as to its attitude towards MDC, given that
the current leader and his ruling party Movement of Multi-Party Democracy
(MMD) bore similar if not identical roots in their formation. Like MDC, MMD
of Zambia has its roots in labour unionism, Chiluba the predecessor to Levy
Mwanasa is a former Chairman the Zambian Congress of Trade Unions (ZCTU).
MMD was formed in the 90s by prominent Zambian leaders that had defected
from United National Independence Party (UNIP) the former ruling party of
Zambia, by labour leaders and academics alike. It was a party formed to
fight the political monopoly that Kenneth Kaunda and his UNIP party enjoyed
under Zambia's one party state that banned opposition political parties in
Zambia since 1972. Mwanasa is rumored to be principled in the basis of his
resignation from Chiluba's government following disagreements with a fellow
cabinet member, he earned a bachelor of laws degree from the University of
Zambia in 1973, ironically, one of the many cases he took up which few other
defence lawyers would touch, was a treason trial in 1989 against Lt.General
Christon Tembo who was charged along with others with plotting to overthrow
then President Kenneth Kaunda. Tembo retired from the army and went on the
join MMD, became its vice-president, the same job as Mwanawasa had held.
Just after the brutally beating of more than 60 opposition and civic leaders
in March by the despotic regime of Robert Mugabe, Mwanasa broke ranks with
other SADC leaders on their policy of see no evil hear no evil and called
"Zimbabwe a sinking titanic"  Therefore it was surprising that when the SADC
leaders met for the second time in Zambia to review progress made by Thabo
Mbeki in brokering negotiations between MDC and Zanu PF, the Zambian
government deported more than 60 human rights activists  that wanted to
protest at the venue of the SADC meeting in Lusaka. After the SADC meeting
Mwanasa fired his Foreign Minister Mundia Sikatana following pressure from
Harare after clashing as to how Zimbabwean issue should be handled. Why
Mwanasa is keen to suck up to Mugabe is baffling. The idea that he might be
doing it because of Mugabe's war credentials does not hold because if he
opposed Kaunda the equivalent of Mugabe in Zambia then surely its not that
he is in awe of Mugabe. Like all African leaders Mwanasa fears that
supporting opposition parties in neighbouring countries might foster growth
of opposition politics in his country  which in turn might be his unmaking.
His MMD like all the ruling parties of Africa like to maintain that they are
right despite visible public protests.

For South Africa the reasons are obvious, any support of MDC would encourage
South African trade unionists such as Zwelinzima Vavi to entertain political
ambitions and that is Thabo Mbeki and ANC's worst nightmare because the
Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) is Africa's largest umbrella
trade union in terms of member representation. Beside Mbeki like all African
leaders he is a closet dictator, his true colours are slowly emerging, no
longer is he an enigma in South African politics but his autocratic style of
governance and unwillingness to be criticised shows his dictatorial streak.
He thinks its god given that the Xhosa tribe in ANC should rule South Africa
forever just like the Zezuru clan in Zanu PF dominates politics in Zimbabwe,
he shares the same views as Mugabe that holds people ransom to their
erstwhile liberators. If not do you think its coincidental that when South
Africa is poised for its first Zulu President Thabo Mbeki's deputy Jacob
Zuma a Zulu suddenly finds himself with accusations of rape and corruption?
Mbeki is a great believer in propaganda just like his friend Bob thats why
he churns out lies on his online column ANC Today by saying that Zimbabwe is
being hurt by western sanctions  when he knows that there are no economic
sanctions on Zimbabwe except for travel bans that prevent Mugabe and his
cohorts spending looted foreign currency in Europe or America. In 1985 he
provided an emergency South African 1 billion rand loan to rescue the
illegal government from being booted from IMF, the money in turn was used to
finance Operation Murambatsvina which displaced over 2 million people from
their homes and livelihoods in a guise of urban clean-up. With many South
Africans living in the same type of shelters that Mugabe destroyed because
of their membership and support of MDC all over South Africa, I shudder to
think what would happen to residents of Alexandra Park in Johannesburg or
Harare in Cape Town if they dared support those opposed to ANC? Thabo Mbeki
and Mugabe are cut from the same political cloth, if there are any African
leaders that are in awe of Mugabe then its Mbeki, Zanu PF housed him when he
was in exile during apartheid.

For other leaders that adopt a see no evil hear no evil when it comes to
Zimbabwe is because when most African countries gained independence from
their colonisers from Angola to Zimbabwe, they inherited and never
dismantled the economies of these countries which was built on bedrock of
exploitation of black workers be it in mines, factories or farms and
households of their white masters. The system of exploitation clearly
benefited the colonisers, they paid little or no wages but earned full
profit on their productions had no respects for workers rights, most worked
in slave conditions. So Africa's first governments gained power and
continued where their white masters had left off benefiting on the
exploitation of one man by another hard to stomach now when its black on
black. This was called false decolonisation by Franz Fanon he said "The
national bourgeoisie steps into the shoes of the former European settlement:
doctors, barristers, traders, commercial travellers, general agents and
transport agents. It considers that the dignity of the country and its own
welfare require that it should occupy all these posts. From now on, it will
insist that all the big foreign companies should pass through its hands,
whether these companies wish to keep on their connexions with the country,
or to open it up. The national middle class discovers its historic mission:
that of the intermediary".  If liberation parties of Africa gained from the
same skewed economics where the development of keloptocrats out-paces that
ordinary citizens they usually do not want to relinguish power, they become
power drunk reveling in pornographic opulence while the masses suffer, so
any uprising against them is sometimes brutally crushed which is catalytic
to Africa's endemic wars. According to African Sun:
There are currently fifteen African countries involved in war, or are
experiencing post-war conflict and tension. In West Africa, the countries
include Cote d'Ivoire, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and Togo. In
East Africa, the countries include Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Sudan,
Uganda. In Central Africa, the countries include Burundi, Democratic
Republic of the Congo, Rwanda. In North Africa, the country is Algeria and
in South Africa, the countries include Angola and Zimbabwe. What are the
basis of these conflicts or political tensions? At the base of these wars is
the rich natural resources each of these poor countries hold of timber, oil
or diamonds, compounded in many cases by the foreign extractive industries
presence, their opaque, unreported payments to the governments and the
governments' opaque, unreported use of the money to create and fund wars.
The wars serve the purpose of creating a distraction, as the countries and
their fleeing, displaced citizens are robbed of their countries' natural
resources, easily converted to cash, for the personal use and fortunes of
ruling parties. Tribal conflict is deliberately antagonized, so it can be
blamed for the conflict.

Most other African countries are run by despotic governments to expect them
to endorse MDC is a fantasy. Dont expect Omar Bongo of Gabon to be seen or
heard supporting MDC, he rigged elections six times. Neither should you
expect support from  Faure Gnassingbé of Togo hand-picked to succeed his
father, Gnassingbé Eyadéma, who ruled the West African nation of Togo from
1967 until his death in 2005. Same for Lasana Conte of Guinea, Conte came to
power in 1984, after staging a coup d'etat when Guinea's then-president,
Ahmed Sekou Toure, died on a US operating table while undergoing heart
surgery, Conte has ruled Guinea ever since. It would a surprising an
unlikely support from Blaise Compaore of Burkina Faso, he has ruled Burkina
Faso since 1987 after a bloody coup and the assasination of then-president,
Thomas Sankara, Compaore has been implicated in numerous human rights
abuses. Do you think Joseph Kabila of Congo-Kinshasa would support
Tsvangirai when he was backed by Mugabe with soldiers to fight off rebels
that were threatening his father Laurent Kabila. What about Isaias Afewerki
of Eritrea he has imprisoned 13 journalists, deferred elections? Do you
think Omar al-Bashir of Sudan would support MDC, since February 2003, Bashir's
campaign of ethnic and religious persecution has killed at least 500 00
civilians in Darfur in western Sudan and driven 2 million people from their
homes.  Dont expect any support from Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo of
Equatorial Guinea, around 90% of all opposition politicians live in exile,
1000 anti-Obiang activists have been jailed unfairly, and several killed
since 1979, Obiang was re-elected in 1996 and 2002, but the conduct of both
elections was not acceptable to international observers. You can now
understand why Africa finds it hard to support MDC!

http://www.africanpath.com/p_blogEntry.cfm?blogEntryID=2310
 
 
 
 
