 
  eng-NG-31-127200-8267903  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-08-24T12:54:00  
 
 
La Liga Preview
 
 
 
  wanyik...@gmail.com  
  2007-08-24T12:54:00  
Comments: Like the Serie A one, will probably be from English point of
view.  This is from the Guardian.

Spats, sackings and stroppy subs: welcome back to La Liga
It should be Barça's season ... but when has anything ever gone
exactly to plan in the best league in the world?
Sid Lowe
August 24, 2007 1:45 PM

Joan Laporta, the president of FC Barcelona who thinks he's the
president of the free world, has just got back from another row at an
airport. Guti has gone from saviour to substitute. Real Madrid have a
new coach, a new identity and have just presented the latest of over
€100m worth of new players. There's the smell of a spat at the
Mestalla and the whiff of fear at Levante. Manuel Ruiz de Lopera has
ventured out of his kitsch coffin room in search of a little love. His
sworn enemy, head neatly polished, is busy telling everyone who'll
listen - and lots of people who would rather not - that he's really,
really great.

In Villarreal, Juan Román Riquelme is looking morose. At the Vicente
Calderón, they've taken a break from another award-winning advert to
declare this year their year. Up in Santander, over in Mallorca,
across in Murcia and down in Huelva, no one's really declaring very
much at all. The Federation and the League continue to argue about
anything and everything, especially whether a hunger-striking
president and his team should be allowed to exist. A Uruguayan with a
big gob has accused his coach of having "no bollocks". There are a
million transfers waiting to happen. And there's an argument over the
television rights, with Sogecable and Mediapro at each other's throats
like some sort of deranged Emu, meaning we still don't know if there's
going to be any football on the telly. And if so, which games will be
shown. Or when.

You can tell La Liga starts tomorrow.

Question is, how will it end?

Probably not quite like last year. Real Madrid could hardly have set
the bar any higher by sacking the man who won the league because he
was "too boring". There is something strangely admirable about
insisting on a certain identity regardless of the results, as well as
a realism that suggests those in the Bernabéu offices know that
winning the title was a miracle. But there is something pretty dumb
about it too, and something unfair: Capello did exactly what Capello
was asked to do, exactly what everyone knew Capello would do, and
(arguably) exactly what Madrid needed Capello to do. But still he got
sacked. Madrid are beginning another season by completely ripping up
one project and starting a whole new one - if you can even call it a
project. It's as if that league title, the one that ended the club's
longest drought in over half a century, never happened. Rarely can a
champion have gone into the new season so engulfed in doubt.

The new régime that brought in Fabio Cannavaro, José Antonio Reyes,
Emerson, Fernando Gago, Gonzalo Higuaín and Ruud van Nistelrooy last
year has brought in 10 more this time round - Pepe, Royston Drenthe,
Wesley Sneijder, Jerzy Dudek, Christoph Metzelder, Javier Saviola and,
yesterday, Arjen Robben and Gabriel Heinze, plus loan returnees Julio
Baptista and Roberto Soldado. For €119m. Pepe, a bloke that no one had
heard of, cost €30m. Sneijder cost €27m just days after Madrid told
his club that they had 12 hours to accept a "final, final" offer of
€23m. Robben cost €36m, having barely played in a year. Heinze came
for £8m despite that now infamous fax from Manchester United saying he
could go anywhere he wanted - except Liverpool, obviously - for £6.8m.

At best, Madrid are not very good at negotiating; though it hardly
helps to keep prices down when your coach goes on about having a
"suitcase stuffed full of cash", when there are five fingers from five
different hands in the transfer pie, and when the man in charge is
President Tourettes. At worst, there is something funny going on. And
not funny ha-ha.

Despite having no discernible planning, Madrid have bought reasonably
well, although Metzelder is just not very good and Pepe is a meathead
who could well kick, spit, punch and head-butt his way to a new red-
card record. Trouble is, the list of those who said no is far more
impressive than those who said yes - Cesc Fabregas, Cristiano Ronaldo,
Kaka, Xabi Alonso, erm, Michael Ballack - and Madrid still have huge
gaps in the squad. There's no genuine right-sided midfielder, only one
genuine left-back, little cover at centre-back (meaning that Sergio
Ramos is likely to end up playing there for much of the season) and no
one to really get the ball flowing now that Bernd Schuster - like
every other coach before him - has realised that relying on Guti to
consistently carry the team is not a great idea.

Schuster himself admitted yesterday that "with this squad it's going
to be impossible to play the way I want us to"; during pre-season they
have been awful, and even if Madrid have a decent-looking squad now
there has been little opportunity to work with it. It remains unclear
how Madrid will line up and it will take time for Schuster to get it
right. But time, like a president with decorum, is something Madrid
don't have.

Worse still for the merengues, while Madrid thrashed about blindly
like an epileptic in an Ibiza nightclub, Barcelona have been a model
of efficiency, buying the players they most needed (except a new
goalkeeper), and buying them quickly. But while Abidal (€15m), Yaya
Touré (€9m) and Gabi Milito (€17m, rising to €21.5m) are excellent, if
expensive, signings and slot straight into a defined system, and while
the return to fitness of Leo Messi and Samuel Eto'o takes them a level
above the rest, Barça continue down a galactic path. Thierry Henry's
arrival gives them a ridiculously good forward line, but then they
already had that; Henry's presence could yet provoke the greatest
rumble known to man, especially if strop-merchant Samuel Eto'o gets
left on the bench, that short fuse of his rapidly fizzing its way to
blasting point. Frank Rijkaard's authority is constantly undermined,
training has become a joke and Barça have spent the summer getting
carted round the globe, with players queuing up to complain that
they're knackered already.

Get it right and Barcelona should walk it; get it wrong and there will
be a whole pack of teams ready to take advantage. Real Zaragoza have
done the business of the summer by replacing Gabi Milito with Roberto
Fabián Ayala and making a €14.5m profit into the bargain, and will
push for a Champions League place at least. Sevilla, who really should
have won the league last season, are unlikely to maintain that form.
Dani Alves is about to explode and don't rule out a final twist in the
Juande Ramos-Tottenham fib-a-thon, but they will certainly be
extremely competitive. Villarreal, for whom Robert Pires will be
vital, will stop short of a real challenge, but Atlético Madrid have
rebuilt superbly this summer and might not. Every year atléticos say
this could be their year; this year, having actually managed to stick
to a coach for once (albeit only just), it actually could be. Expect a
Champions League place at last.

And then there's Valencia. "We don't talk any more," Ruben Baraja
sobbed to coach Quique Sánchez-Flores two days ago, somehow resisting
the temptation to add "and you always leave the seat up". But while
there is a coldness about their relationship, Valencia's all-out war
has ended (for now) with sporting director Amadeo booted out by
president Juan Soler, and they have added some excellent new signings:
Sunny, Alexis and Nikola Zigic. More importantly, Valencia have
players back from injury: Edu, Rubén Baraja, Vicente and Asier del
Horno, all likely starters, only just put together a season's worth of
appearances between them last year, while captain Albelda missed 13
matches during which Valencia collapsed. Last season, only four
outfield players avoided injury and still Valencia stayed in the title
race until two matches from the end. Stay fit and Valencia, not
Madrid, are the side most likely to push Barça all the way to the
finish line on May 18.

PREDICTIONS

Champions: Barcelona. With Valencia close behind.
Relegated: Racing, Levante, and Almería.
Spanish team most likely to win the Champions League: Real Madrid
Copa del Rey: Zaragoza.
Top scorer: Samuel Eto'o.
First coach sacked: If they get it remotely wrong, Hector Cúper at
Betis or Javier Aguirre at Atlético. Otherwise, Unai Emery at Almería.
 
 
 
 
