 
  eng-NG-31-143148-10148326  
  USENET TEXT  
  2007-11-19T18:38:14  
 
 
The Commonwealth and Democracy in Swaziland
 
 
 
  "mackenzie kinmond" <mackenziekinm...@googlemail.com>  
  2007-11-19T18:38:14  
The Commonwealth Harare Declaration, 1991 states,

"we believe in the liberty of the individual under the law, in equal
rights for all citizens regardless of gender, race, colour, creed or
political belief, and in the individual's inalienable right to
participate by means of free and democratic political processes in
framing the society in which he or she lives"

It further states that,

"we pledge the Commonwealth and our countries to work with renewed
vigour, concentrating especially in the following areas:
• the protection and promotion of the fundamental political values of
the Commonwealth:
o democracy, democratic processes and institutions which reflect
national circumstances, the rule of law and the independence of the
judiciary, just and honest government;
o fundamental human rights, including equal rights and opportunities
for all citizens regardless of race, colour, creed or political
belief;"  ( http://www.thecommonwealth.org/Internal/20723/34457/harare_commonweal... )

The Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG) was set up in 1995 as
a way to try to add some weight to the Harare Declaration, which was a
voluntary commitment signed by all Commonwealth countries to respect
certain principles such as a democratic process and universal access
to education. CMAG's role is supposed to be,
"to deal with serious or persistent violations of the Commonwealth's
fundamental political values," as reflected in the Harare Declaration

Meetings of CMAG throughout the 1990s focused solely on The Gambia,
Sierra Leone and Nigeria. In 1997, CMAG condemned The Gambia for the
"continued exclusion of a significant element of The Gambia's civilian
leadership from the political life of the country as detrimental to
the cause of democracy in The Gambia." (6th Meeting of CMAG, February
1997)

In 1999, Pakistan was added to the CMAG agenda, and Fiji was added in
2000, both of which were at that time suspended from the Council of
the Commonwealth.
Since 2003, the sole focus of CMAG has been on Fiji and Pakistan and
to a lesser degree Solomon Islands and Zimbabwe.

Swaziland, despite regular actions by the Monarchy which violate the
Harare declaration, has never been put on the agenda of CMAG.

While a solution to the current crisis in Swaziland will ultimately
come from the Swazi people, the complicity of the Commonwealth
Secretariat has made the international community complacent to the
harmful effects of the monarchy. Consequently, the King is happy to be
answerable to an international body which doesn't hold him to account,
while he continues to exploit, oppress and make a general mockery of
any sense of democracy within the country.

A prime example of this complicity was the ceremony held earlier this
year at the University of Swaziland where the Commonwealth
Secretary-General, Don McKinnon, received an honorary degree for his
role in implementing the new Swazi Constitution. The people on this
forum will be aware of the criticisms of the new constitution, the
catastrophic process through which it came about, the absence of any
buy-in from civilian groups, the ambiguous clauses which ultimately
reinforce the absolute power of the King. Yet this is the same
constitution that the Commonwealth is touting to the world as a great
example of their interference in affairs of the poorer members of the
Commonwealth.

Earlier this week, CMAG met in an emergency session to discuss recent
events in Pakistan. This is the forth special extraordinary session
ever to be held outside of the annual meetings (one other was held
regarding Pakistan, the other two were regarding government coups in
Fiji).

Following this emergency session, CMAG condemned the abrogation of the
Constitution of Pakistan, and 'expressed grave concern' about actions
taken against opposition politicians and civil society leaders, and
the recent amendment to the Army Act, which retrospectively gives
military courts the right to try civilians on charges of
'anti-national' activities. CMAG stated that these are examples of
breaches of the fundamental principles of the Commonwealth and a
'derogation of constitutionality and rule of law'.  They claim that if
things don't change in Pakistan by the eve of the upcoming
Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), Pakistan will be
suspended from the Commonwealth.
( http://www.thecommonwealth.org/press/31555/172244/121107cmag.htm )

Again, these types of actions have regularly occurred in Swaziland for
some time and the Commonwealth has repeatedly failed to take action.
Instead, they have supported the monarchy through 30 years of an
abrogated Constitution, oppression and violence against members of
opposition parties and human rights activists, and other breaches of
the Harare Declaration. The recent example of the 16 PUDEMO members
who were in late 2005 / early 2006 arrested and charged with treason
comes to mind. The Commonwealth Secretariat was quick to publicly
condemn the petrol bombings which the PUDEMO members were allegedly
being arrested for. The Secretariat was, however, completely silent
following the initial arrests, when some detainees were being coerced
into signing statements and others tortured. They remained silent even
after the death of the wife of one of the detainees, after she had
been earlier that day questioned by police. Her death was highly
condemned by Amnesty International, another player in the
international community. The secretariat remains silent now, after any
trace of a trial seems to have disappeared without explanation or
apology.

CMAG, following their recent emergency meeting, declared that upcoming
elections in Pakistan "would not be credible unless… the
constitutional rights of the people, political parties and
independence of the judiciary are restored." What about the upcoming
elections in Swaziland?!

It is time to call the Commonwealth to account. The Commonwealth Heads
of Government Meeting (CHOGM) will be held later this month (23rd –
25th November) in Uganda. Members of this SSN forum who are citizens
of Commonwealth countries, it is up to us to tell the Commonwealth
Secretariat that we are tired of their complicity in the continued
oppression of Swazi citizens and do not accept their hypocrisy. It is
up to us to demand that the question of democracy, the constitution,
and political participation in next year's elections in Swaziland be
put to Mswati and also to the Secretariat who are wrongly claiming a
victory for democracy in Swaziland.

Commonwealth Contact Information:

Official Spokesperson and Director of Communications
Eduardo del Buey
Tel:+44(0)20 7747 6380
Email: e.delb ... @commonwealth.int

Director of the Political Affairs Division
Matthew Neuhaus
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7747 6401
Email: m.neuh ... @commonwealth.int, m.stev ... @commonweatlh.int

Secretary-General
Don McKinnon
Email: d.mckin ... @commonwealth.int
 
 
 
 
